Title: 11.04.2025
Date: 2025-04-11 05:01
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-04-11 
**Boston Bruins 2 - 5 Chicago Blackhawks**  
In a thrilling game at TD Garden, the Chicago Blackhawks secured a 5-2 victory over the Boston Bruins, thanks to a remarkable surge of three goals in just 1:33 during the third period. Nick Foligno scored twice, and Ryan Donato celebrated a career milestone by reaching the 30-goal mark, becoming the Blackhawks' first player to do so since Alex DeBrincat in 2021-22. Arvid Soderblom was impressive with 31 saves. The Bruins, led by David Pastrnak who also extended his point streak, initially took the lead with Pastrnak scoring and providing an assist. Despite a gritty performance, including goals from Morgan Geekie and Pastrnak, the Bruins couldn't fend off the Blackhawks' late-game onslaught. Boston's Riley Duran made his NHL debut amid the defeat. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/chi-vs-bos/2025/04/10/2024021250){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/chicago-blackhawks-boston-bruins-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Florida Panthers 4 - 1 Detroit Red Wings**  
In a 4-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings, Brad Marchand scored his first goal for the Florida Panthers since being traded from the Boston Bruins earlier in March. The Panthers, making a push for second place in the Atlantic Division, saw additional goals from Evan Rodrigues, Mackie Samoskevich, and Aleksander Barkov, with Sergei Bobrovsky securing the win with 22 saves. This triumph also marked Coach Paul Maurice's 915th career win, placing him third in NHL history for coaching victories. For the Red Wings, Alex DeBrincat opened the scoring, but they couldn't maintain the lead despite an early advantage. The game highlighted the Panthers' playoff readiness and a well-rounded team effort, while the Red Wings remain outside the playoff picture. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/det-vs-fla/2025/04/10/2024021251){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/detroit-red-wings-florida-panthers-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Washington Capitals 5 - 4 Carolina Hurricanes**  
The Washington Capitals secured the No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference with a thrilling 5-4 shootout win against the Carolina Hurricanes at Capital One Arena. Pierre-Luc Dubois was instrumental, scoring in regulation and delivering the only goal in the shootout. Meanwhile, Alex Ovechkin extended his point streak to six games, adding an assist post a ceremony celebrating his record-breaking 895th career goal. Despite trailing 4-2 after two periods, the Hurricanes, bolstered by Seth Jarvis and Logan Stankoven's goals, forced overtime and clinched the No. 2 seed in the Metropolitan Division. Carolina's resilience was highlighted by Jordan Staal's acknowledgment of the playoff-like intensity essential for the upcoming rounds. Charlie Lindgren made 30 saves for the Capitals, and Frederik Andersen had 24 for the Hurricanes. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/car-vs-wsh/2025/04/10/2024021252){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/carolina-hurricanes-washington-capitals-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Columbus Blue Jackets 3 - 2 Buffalo Sabres**  
Jet Greaves, called up from the AHL on short notice, made 39 saves to lead the Columbus Blue Jackets to a crucial 3-2 comeback win over the Buffalo Sabres, avoiding playoff elimination. After trailing 2-0 following goals from JJ Peterka and Rasmus Dahlin, the Blue Jackets mounted a rally with James van Riemsdyk scoring late in the first period, Zach Aston-Reese tying the game in the third, and Boone Jenner netting the decisive power-play goal. Greaves' standout performance included stopping all shots in the last two periods, demonstrating resilience in a high-pressure situation. Columbus remains six points behind the Montreal Canadiens for the second wild card from the Eastern Conference with just four games left. The win, Columbus's second in a row, comes despite the absence of goalie Elvis Merzlikins due to injury. Zach Werenski added an assist, reaching 76 points for the season, tying with Ray Whitney for the fourth-most in a season by a Blue Jackets player. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/buf-vs-cbj/2025/04/10/2024021253){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/buffalo-sabres-columbus-blue-jackets-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**New York Islanders 2 - 9 New York Rangers**  
The New York Rangers delivered a dominant performance in a 9-2 victory over the New York Islanders, with Igor Shesterkin making an impressive 44 saves at UBS Arena. The Rangers' offensive outburst featured four goals in both the first and third periods, helping them claw closer to playoff contention, now six points shy of a wildcard slot. Brett Berard achieved his first multigoal NHL game, Artemi Panarin added two goals and an assist, and Juuso Parssinen contributed with a goal and two assists. This win snapped a three-game skid for the Rangers, including an 8-5 loss to the Flyers. The Islanders struggled defensively, allowing 16 goals over their last two games, with goaltender Marcus Hogberg conceding eight of them before being briefly replaced by Tristan Lennox, making his NHL debut. Notably, Adam Fox set a milestone as the ninth defenseman in NHL history with four consecutive seasons of at least 50 assists, contributing three more assists in the game. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyr-vs-nyi/2025/04/10/2024021254){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-rangers-new-york-islanders-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Dallas Stars 0 - 4 Winnipeg Jets**  
Hellebuyck, Jets shut out Stars to increase lead in Central
 **DALLAS --** <forge-entity title="Connor Hellebuyck" slug="connor-hellebuyck-8476945" code="player">Connor Hellebuyck</forge-entity> made 25 saves for the Winnipeg Jets in a 4-0 win against the Dallas Stars at American Airlines Center on Thursday. 
It was his 45th win and eighth shutout of the season, both franchise records. He is the seventh goalie in NHL history to hit that win mark in a single season.

“It seems every night the last month or so, he’s been accomplishing a new record. You honestly can’t put into words how important he is to our team. What he does day in and day out,” Winnipeg defenseman <forge-entity title="Josh Morrissey" slug="josh-morrissey-8477504" code="player">Josh Morrissey</forge-entity> said. “As a teammate of his, I feel extremely lucky that I’ve gotten to play in front of him basically my entire career. What he does in terms of preparation, the way he’s always figuring out ways to improve his game, is incredible. Even in the last few years, you think, ‘Man, I don’t know if this guy can get any better,’ and then he finds a way to. Really lucky to have him, and what he’s doing this year is very special.”

<forge-entity title="Kyle Connor" slug="kyle-connor-8478398" code="player">Kyle Connor</forge-entity> scored twice to reach a career-high 94 points (40 goals, 54 assists) and Morrissey had two assists for Winnipeg (54-21-4), which is 6-2-0 in the past eight games and first in the Central Division.

“This is the type of game that’s tight-checking. You’re not going to get too many looks. We had one in the second period, a couple in the first. When you get a look, you’ve got to make the most of it and capitalize,” Connor said. “It’s a two-goal game, it’s tight. We’re working for that next one. We came out strong and that PK \[to start the third period\] set the tone for us, that was a big momentum shifter. Getting three and four, a little bit of breathing room is always a good feeling.” 
<forge-entity title="Jake Oettinger" slug="jake-oettinger-8479979" code="player">Jake Oettinger</forge-entity> made 31 saves for the Stars (50-23-6), who clinched a top-two finish in the Central Division and home-ice advantage in the Western Conference First Round with the Colorado Avalanche losing to the Vancouver Canucks 4-1 on Thursday. They have lost four straight (0-2-2) and trail the Jets by six points.

“We’ve struggled with them all year. They’re the best defensive team in the League. Their record is where it’s at because of that,” Dallas forward <forge-entity title="Matt Duchene" slug="matt-duchene-8475168" code="player">Matt Duchene</forge-entity> said. “I thought we did a lot of good things. Our work ethic was good, some traffic shots. But they were one and done a little too much. Breakdowns that ended up in our net. It’s not like they were dominating us all night. I don’t think it was a 4-0 type game by any means. It felt like a 2-1 either side. I think the last two games \[here\] are steps in the right direction of where we want to get to, as funny as that sounds.”

<forge-entity title="Nino Niederreiter" slug="nino-niederreiter-8475799" code="player">Nino Niederreiter</forge-entity> gave Winnipeg a 1-0 lead at 18:37 in the first period when he tipped in a Morrissey point shot from the high slot.

“We had to be ready. \[Dallas\] is obviously a team that they haven’t left our rearview mirror all year long. We had to be good early, and I thought our first period was really strong and we built off that,” Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said. “Throughout our lineup, there was a lot of guys that were doing what they had to do for us to have success.”

<forge-entity title="Morgan Barron" slug="morgan-barron-8480289" code="player">Morgan Barron</forge-entity> made it 2-0 at 3:37 in the second period after he walked around Dallas defenseman <forge-entity title="Lian Bichsel" slug="lian-bichsel-8483425" code="player">Lian Bichsel</forge-entity> and shot the puck in stick side on Oettinger.

Connor extended the lead to 3-0 at 6:20 in the third period after Dallas forward <forge-entity title="Oskar Back" slug="oskar-back-8480840" code="player">Oskar Back</forge-entity> turned the puck over in the Winnipeg zone, springing Connor for a breakaway where he scored five-hole.

“They have a good goalie and they play good defensively,” Dallas forward <forge-entity title="Roope Hintz" slug="roope-hintz-8478449" code="player">Roope Hintz</forge-entity> said. “We got to find a way to score against those guys. We played all right for two periods, but we just couldn’t score so, we got to find a way to score. We got to watch some video and see what didn’t work today, and then from there and take those with us to the next game.” 
Connor scored his second of the game at 8:40 on a shot at the edge of the right face-off circle after <forge-entity title="Jaret Anderson-Dolan" slug="jaret-anderson-dolan-8479994" code="player">Jaret Anderson-Dolan</forge-entity> found him with a no-look one-touch pass in the slot.

"<forge-entity title="Tyler Seguin" slug="tyler-seguin-8475794" code="player">Tyler Seguin</forge-entity> said it to our group, we went 10-2 down the stretch last year and proceeded to lose two home games to Vegas in the first round so, that tells you how important \[the end of the regular season\] is,” Dallas coach Pete DeBoer said. “We’ve got to keep building here. There are some periods here that are, for me, winning-type hockey come playoff time in a week. We’ve got to take those and build on them. The things that don’t help you win in the playoffs, like some of the plays we’ve made in the third, we’ve got to eliminate.”

**NOTES:** With an assist, Winnipeg forward <forge-entity title="Mark Scheifele" slug="mark-scheifele-8476460" code="player">Mark Scheifele</forge-entity> set a new career high in points with 85 (38 goals, 47 assists). … Dallas was shut out for the first time this season and were the last team in the League to be shut out. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/wpg-vs-dal/2025/04/10/2024021255){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/winnipeg-jets-dallas-stars-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Colorado Avalanche 1 - 4 Vancouver Canucks**  
Kevin Lankinen was pivotal with 31 saves as the Vancouver Canucks defeated the Colorado Avalanche 4-1 at Ball Arena. Despite Vancouver's playoff hopes being dashed with the Minnesota Wild's victory, they delivered a convincing performance against Colorado. Dakota Joshua made an impact with both a goal and an assist, and Kiefer Sherwood continued his form, contributing a goal and an assist, marking his fourth consecutive game with a point. Jake DeBrusk and Nils Hoglander also found the net for Vancouver, while Devon Toews scored Colorado’s sole goal through a deflection. The win was noteworthy for Lankinen, who became the third Canucks goalie to secure 25 wins in his first season with the franchise. The Avalanche's loss ensured the Dallas Stars would finish at least second in the Central Division, with Colorado set to finish third. Coach Jared Bednar criticized Colorado's poor breakouts and decisions, while Mackenzie Blackwood emphasized the importance of striving for consistency as the playoffs approach. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/van-vs-col/2025/04/10/2024021256){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vancouver-canucks-colorado-avalanche-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Utah Hockey Club 3 - 4 Nashville Predators**  
Juuse Saros was instrumental in the Nashville Predators' 4-3 shootout victory against the Utah Hockey Club, making 39 saves at Delta Center. Despite falling behind 2-0 with goals from Utah's Nick Bjugstad and Josh Doan, the Predators rallied with goals from Nick Blankenburg, Filip Forsberg, and Ryan O’Reilly. Forsberg also scored the only goal in the shootout to secure the win for Nashville. Utah's Karel Vejmelka made 28 saves, and Dylan Guenther tied the game 3-3 in the third period, but Forsberg's shootout effort clinched the victory, marking Nashville's second straight win. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nsh-vs-uta/2025/04/10/2024021257){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/nashville-predators-utah-hockey-club-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Vegas Golden Knights 2 - 1 Seattle Kraken**  
In an intense matchup at T-Mobile Arena, the Vegas Golden Knights edged out the Seattle Kraken with a 2-1 victory, bolstered by Adin Hill's 24 saves. Ivan Barbashev opened the scoring for Vegas in the first period with a one-timer off a deflected pass, swiftly followed by William Karlsson's goal in the second period, assisted by a drop pass from Reilly Smith. Meanwhile, Jared McCann managed to trim the lead for Seattle by scoring in the third period, cleaning up a scramble in front of the net. The win extended Vegas' points streak to four games, keeping them firmly in the lead of the Pacific Division. Despite strong efforts from Joey Daccord, who made 23 saves for Seattle, the Kraken couldn't overcome the deficit after their recent loss to the Utah Hockey Club. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/sea-vs-vgk/2025/04/10/2024021258){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/seattle-kraken-vegas-golden-knights-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Los Angeles Kings 6 - 1 Anaheim Ducks**  
The Los Angeles Kings solidified their second-place standing in the Pacific Division with an impressive 6-1 victory over the Anaheim Ducks at Crypto.com Arena. Kevin Fiala was instrumental, scoring twice on the power play and contributing to the Kings' dominance. Quinton Byfield and Anze Kopitar each tallied a goal and an assist, and Andrei Kuzmenko and Adrian Kempe provided three assists apiece, showcasing the Kings' offensive depth. Byfield's goal early in the first period marked his 21st of the season, setting a new career high. Despite Cutter Gauthier's third consecutive game with a goal for the Ducks, Los Angeles remained in control, adding further goals from Alex Laferriere and Jordan Spence. The win gives the Kings a four-point lead over the Edmonton Oilers in the division, as they continue their pursuit of the top spot held by the Vegas Golden Knights. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/ana-vs-lak/2025/04/10/2024021259){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/anaheim-ducks-los-angeles-kings-game-recap-april-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

