Title: 03.03.2025
Date: 2025-03-03 06:02
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-03-03 
**Pittsburgh Penguins 5 - 6 Toronto Maple Leafs**  
William Nylander scored his team-leading 35th goal just one minute into overtime to secure a 6-5 victory for the Toronto Maple Leafs against the Pittsburgh Penguins, marking Toronto's fifth consecutive win. Throughout the game, both teams displayed a remarkable back-and-forth with Toronto overcoming two deficits, including a late goal by Matthew Knies, achieving the rare feat of scoring in the final second of a period for a fifth time this season. Auston Matthews and John Tavares were pivotal for Toronto, with Matthews hitting a milestone of 700 NHL points and tying for second in Maple Leafs history with 390 goals. Sidney Crosby shone for Pittsburgh, surpassing 1,050 career assists—moving past Gordie Howe for 10th in NHL history—and contributing with a goal and two assists. Despite the loss, the Penguins’ Rickard Rakell achieved his 500th NHL point and contributed two goals. Both teams faced challenges, but Nylander's overtime heroics highlighted the Maple Leafs' resilience and prolonged their winning streak. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/tor-vs-pit/2025/03/02/2024020961){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/toronto-maple-leafs-pittsburgh-penguins-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Minnesota Wild 1 - 0 Boston Bruins**  
Gustavsson makes 28 saves, Wild shut out Bruins to end 3-game skid
 **ST. PAUL, Minn. --** <forge-entity title="Filip Gustavsson" slug="filip-gustavsson-8479406" code="player">Filip Gustavsson</forge-entity> stopped all 28 shots he faced for the Minnesota Wild in a 1-0 win against the Boston Bruins at Xcel Energy Center on Sunday. 
It was Gustavsson’s fourth shutout this season and 10th in the NHL.

“Yeah, we had a tough loss to the Red Wings at home (3-2 on Feb. 25), and then we played horrible for two games there on the road and get back here and get a dirty 1-0 win," Gustavsson said. "It feels good."

<forge-entity title="Frederick Gaudreau" slug="frederick-gaudreau-8477919" code="player">Frederick Gaudreau</forge-entity> scored the lone goal for Minnesota (35-22-4), which had lost three straight.

“It was good, coming out of the road trip and taking some lessons out of the last two games,” Wild coach John Hynes said. “We played fairly solid. There wasn’t a ton going on in the game in general, but a good win.” 
<forge-entity title="Jeremy Swayman" slug="jeremy-swayman-8480280" code="player">Jeremy Swayman</forge-entity> made 21 saves for Boston (28-26-8), which was coming off a 3-2 win at the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday but has lost six of its past seven (1-4-2). <forge-entity title="David Pastrnak" slug="david-pastrnak-8477956" code="player">David Pastrnak</forge-entity> had his 17-game point streak end (33 points; 15 goals, 18 assists).

“It was a tight-checking game. It was hard fought,” Bruins coach Joe Sacco said. “There wasn’t a lot of easy ice out there for either team. I thought our guys showed a real strong effort today, coming off back-to-back games. It’s disappointing. Obviously, we want points right now, and we’ve got to find ways to get it behind the goaltender."

Gaudreau gave the Wild a 1-0 lead at 5:01 of the second period, getting position in front to redirect <forge-entity title="Marcus Johansson" slug="marcus-johansson-8475149" code="player">Marcus Johansson</forge-entity>’s wrist shot from the high slot. 
The Bruins were without captain <forge-entity title="Brad Marchand" slug="brad-marchand-8473419" code="player">Brad Marchand</forge-entity>, who left the win at Pittsburgh on Saturday with an upper-body injury after he was hit into the boards in the first period.

“I think both teams played a strong defensive game,” Bruins defenseman <forge-entity title="Brandon Carlo" slug="brandon-carlo-8478443" code="player">Brandon Carlo</forge-entity> said. “They got one more than we did, but I liked our effort throughout the D-zone. I felt like we were keeping a lot of the plays to the outside and not giving up too many Grade-A chances, so overall that was pretty good. I think we can be a little bit better in transition and create a little bit more offense at times. But the effort was there.

**NOTES:** Forward <forge-entity title="Gustav Nyquist" slug="gustav-nyquist-8474679" code="player">Gustav Nyquist</forge-entity> had one shot and one hit in 16:57 of ice time in his Wild debut. He was acquired in a trade with the Nashville Predators on Saturday for a second-round pick in the 2026 NHL Draft. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/bos-vs-min/2025/03/02/2024020962){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/boston-bruins-minnesota-wild-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Carolina Hurricanes 2 - 1 Calgary Flames**  
Sebastian Aho continued his scoring streak by netting his third consecutive game-winning goal in overtime, leading the Carolina Hurricanes to a 2-1 victory over the Calgary Flames. Aho's sixth goal in the past seven games came from a one-timer assisted by Jaccob Slavin, who also scored in the second period. Aho's fifth overtime goal this season tied an NHL regular-season record, showcasing his creativity and competitive edge as highlighted by coach Rod Brind'Amour. Pyotr Kochetkov made 15 saves for the Hurricanes, who have now won two of their last three games. Despite Nazem Kadri tying the game with a power-play goal in the third period and the Flames displaying strong defensive work to push the game into overtime, it was Carolina's night. The Flames' forward momentum has been stymied by a scoring rut, but coach Ryan Huska remains optimistic that their work ethic will turn the tide. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/cgy-vs-car/2025/03/02/2024020963){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/calgary-flames-carolina-hurricanes-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Dallas Stars 6 - 3 St Louis Blues**  
Wyatt Johnston's exceptional performance with three power-play goals led the Dallas Stars to a 6-3 victory over the St. Louis Blues, snapping the Blues' four-game winning streak. Johnston, who achieved his second hat trick this season and third in the NHL, highlighted the Stars' dominant special teams play at the American Airlines Center. Roope Hintz contributed significantly with a goal and three assists, continuing his impressive form with eight points over his last two games. Despite being heavily outshot, Dallas's goaltender, Jake Oettinger, made 39 saves, providing a solid backbone for the team's triumph. Dallas coach Pete DeBoer credited the win to both special teams and Oettinger's performance, underscoring the importance of their power play in securing the victory. St. Louis's five-on-five play was lauded by their coach Jim Montgomery, although he acknowledged the team's struggle in countering Dallas's strong power play. Notably, Johnston became the ninth active player with at least three hat tricks before the age of 22, joining a prestigious group that includes Patrik Laine and Connor McDavid. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/stl-vs-dal/2025/03/02/2024020964){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/st-louis-blues-dallas-stars-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

**New York Rangers 4 - 0 Nashville Predators**  
Quick gets shutout in 800th NHL game, Rangers defeat Predators
 <forge-entity title="Jonathan Quick" slug="jonathan-quick-8471734" code="player">Jonathan Quick</forge-entity> made 34 saves, including 19 in the third period, in his 800th NHL game, a 4-0 win for the New York Rangers against the Nashville Predators at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. 
It was Quick’s third shutout of the season and 63rd in the NHL. He became the 17th goalie in NHL history to appear in 800 games.

“The first 40 minutes tonight and last game, I do think we were pretty tight defensively,” Rangers coach Peter Laviolette said. “We’ve got to play that way, and when there are breakdowns, you need your goaltender to make saves, and both guys are doing that. \[Quick\] was fantastic tonight, especially in the third when that game is 3-0. He had to make some big saves.” 
<forge-entity title="Artemi Panarin" slug="artemi-panarin-8478550" code="player">Artemi Panarin</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="J.T. Miller" slug="j-t-miller-8476468" code="player">J.T. Miller</forge-entity> each had a goal and an assist for the Rangers (30-26-4), who have won three of their past four games. <forge-entity title="Mika Zibanejad" slug="mika-zibanejad-8476459" code="player">Mika Zibanejad</forge-entity> had two assists and has nine points (three goals, six assists) on a six-game point streak.

“I started my career playing with \[Quick\] and now still playing with him, it’s crazy how athletic he is still at this age (39),” New York forward <forge-entity title="Jonny Brodzinski" slug="jonny-brodzinski-8477380" code="player">Jonny Brodzinski</forge-entity> said. “Just his ability to make those crazy, acrobatic saves and just gets up like nothing happened. He’s in the splits with four guys laying on top of him and he just pops right back up. Just awesome.”

<forge-entity title="Justus Annunen" slug="justus-annunen-8481020" code="player">Justus Annunen</forge-entity> made 30 saves for the Predators (21-32-7), who have lost four of their past five games.

“I mean we’ve got to score a goal,” Nashville forward <forge-entity title="Filip Forsberg" slug="filip-forsberg-8476887" code="player">Filip Forsberg</forge-entity> said. “It sounds silly. I don’t know how many times it is, but it’s obviously 100 times too many. So, I think we’ve got to start there and see what happens.”

It was the ninth time this season the Predators have been shutout.

“I thought we had some really good looks,” Nashville coach Andrew Brunette said. “I think overall as a group it’s been like this all year, especially the last stretch. We’re a little bit snakebitten. It’s hard for us to score right now.”

Panarin gave the Rangers a 1-0 lead at 8:32 of the first period on a slap shot from the right circle on a partial breakaway. <forge-entity title="Alexis Lafreniere" slug="alexis-lafreniere-8482109" code="player">Alexis Lafreniere</forge-entity> made a cross-ice pass to Panarin through the neutral zone, and he beat Annunen glove side. 
<forge-entity title="J.T. Miller" slug="j-t-miller-8476468" code="player">J.T. Miller</forge-entity> made it 2-0 at 1:02 of the second period off a pass from Panarin on the power play. Panarin had the puck in the high slot, and he found Miller cutting to the net on Annunen’s blocker side.

“I thought we played well,” New York defenseman <forge-entity title="Zac Jones" slug="zac-jones-8481708" code="player">Zac Jones</forge-entity> said. “I thought we had a great vibe in the room. Everything was just lighthearted. Everybody was upbeat. It was just good vibes going into today, and then obviously two points is two points. We need them right now.”

<forge-entity title="K&#39;Andre Miller" slug="k-andre-miller-8480817" code="player">K&#39;Andre Miller</forge-entity> pushed the lead to 3-0 at 3:25 pf the second on a forehand-to-backhand move from below the right circle off a pass from J.T. Miller.

[Brett Berard](https://www.nhl.com/rangers/player/brett-berard-8482132) made it 4-0 at 16:57 of the third period on a wrist shot from the slot off a pass from <forge-entity title="Sam Carrick" slug="sam-carrick-8475842" code="player">Sam Carrick</forge-entity>.

“Coming off of last game, it was one that we felt like we should’ve won,” Brodzinski said. “We played good enough to win. We just kind of brought that hard work. I thought we were extremely physical last game. I thought the same thing tonight. Just being harder to play against, and I think it’s transitioning over to our offensive play and we’re just getting more opportunities from it.”

**NOTES:** Forward <forge-entity title="Juuso Parssinen" slug="juuso-parssinen-8481704" code="player">Juuso Parssinen</forge-entity> and defenseman <forge-entity title="Calvin de Haan" slug="calvin-de-haan-8475177" code="player">Calvin de Haan</forge-entity> made their Rangers debuts after being acquired from the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday. De Haan had an assist on Panarin’s goal and was plus-1 in 16:26 of ice time. Parssinen had one shot attempt in 14:03. … Rangers forward <forge-entity title="Reilly Smith" slug="reilly-smith-8475191" code="player">Reilly Smith</forge-entity> did not play because of roster management purposes. … Predators captain <forge-entity title="Roman Josi" slug="roman-josi-8474600" code="player">Roman Josi</forge-entity> missed his third consecutive game because of an upper-body injury. … Quick is the second United States-born goalie to play in 800 NHL games (<forge-entity title="John Vanbiesbrouck" slug="john-vanbiesbrouck-8452157" code="player">John Vanbiesbrouck</forge-entity>, 882). 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nsh-vs-nyr/2025/03/02/2024020965){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/nashville-predators-new-york-rangers-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Vegas Golden Knights 2 - 0 New Jersey Devils**  
Hill makes 25 saves, Golden Knights shut out Devils
 **LAS VEGAS --** <forge-entity title="Adin Hill" slug="adin-hill-8478499" code="player">Adin Hill</forge-entity> made 25 saves for the Vegas Golden Knights in a 2-0 victory against the New Jersey Devils at T-Mobile Arena on Sunday. 
It was Hill's third shutout this season and 10th in the NHL.

“It's always fun when both goalies are having a good game. I mean, I think every goalie in the League would prefer lower-scoring games,” Hill said. “We had a good, full 60-minute performance tonight. We didn't give up much defensively. ... So, it was a pretty tight game out there, good checking both ways.” 
<forge-entity title="Noah Hanifin" slug="noah-hanifin-8478396" code="player">Noah Hanifin</forge-entity> had a goal and an assist, <forge-entity title="Mark Stone" slug="mark-stone-8475913" code="player">Mark Stone</forge-entity> also scored, and <forge-entity title="Jack Eichel" slug="jack-eichel-8478403" code="player">Jack Eichel</forge-entity> had two assists for Vegas (36-18-6), which has won five of six.

“We had a lot of chances there in the second period,” Hanifin said. “The first period was a little shaky, but we got better and we just stuck with it. Their goalie made some big saves, and we stayed patient and fortunately capitalized on some power plays.”

<forge-entity title="Jacob Markstrom" slug="jacob-markstrom-8474593" code="player">Jacob Markstrom</forge-entity> made 22 saves in his return for New Jersey (33-23-6), which was coming off a 3-1 win at the Utah Hockey Club on Saturday. Markstrom had not played since Jan. 22 because of an MCL sprain (missed 11 games).

“Obviously, it felt good to be out there playing. It's been a few weeks here and, unfortunately, we couldn't get away with two points,” Markstrom said. “I feel like conditioning and strengthwise, I feel strong enough from working out in the gym for 5 1/2 weeks. Just playing the game, I felt all right, but you want the goals back.”

Devils forward <forge-entity title="Jack Hughes" slug="jack-hughes-8481559" code="player">Jack Hughes</forge-entity> left the game at 18:12 of the third period after he was tripped into the end boards by Eichel. He skated off the ice gingerly while favoring his right shoulder.

“Real hard to see him go down. No update. He is going to have to be evaluated,” New Jersey coach Sheldon Keefe said. “Obviously, it didn't look good. We're going to have to take the time to know the full extent of it. But yeah, it's tough to see it.” 
Stone gave the Golden Knights a 1-0 lead at 1:27 of the third period, redirecting Hanifin's point shot under Markstrom's glove for a power-play goal.

“We're confident, comfortable,” Stone said. “Everybody feels comfortable in their position. ... It's taking what's given to you, right? These guys do a pretty good job at taking away the elbows. We did get a couple of shots there, but if you look at where they're giving up goals, it's shots in the top with the guys in front.”

Hanifin scored another power-play goal to make it 2-0 at 9:10. Eichel won a face-off back to Hanifin, who scored with a slap shot from above the circles.

“They were cheating on Jack a little bit, so take the shot from the top to stretch them out, and it happened to find a way in. So, good for him,” Vegas coach Bruce Cassidy said. “It was the right time to put the puck to the net.”

**NOTES:** Vegas defenseman <forge-entity title="Brayden McNabb" slug="brayden-mcnabb-8475188" code="player">Brayden McNabb</forge-entity> played in his 800th NHL game. ... Eichel has 53 assists this season, one shy of his NHL career high he set in 77 games with the Buffalo Sabres in 2018-19. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/njd-vs-vgk/2025/03/02/2024020966){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-jersey-devils-vegas-golden-knights-game-recap-march-2){:target="_blank"}<br>

