Title: 11.11.2024
Date: 2024-11-11 06:03
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2024-11-11 
**New Jersey Devils 0 - 1 San Jose Sharks**  
Blackwood makes 44 saves against former team, Sharks shut out Devils
 **NEWARK, N.J. --** <forge-entity title="Mackenzie Blackwood" slug="mackenzie-blackwood-8478406" code="player">Mackenzie Blackwood</forge-entity> made 44 saves for the San Jose Sharks and earned his first shutout of the season in a 1-0 win against the New Jersey Devils at Prudential Center on Sunday. 
It was the 11th shutout of Blackwood's NHL career and his first against New Jersey, the team for which he played five seasons before being traded to San Jose on June 27, 2023.

"It's just one of those nights where it feels easy," Blackwood said. "I don't know why sometimes that happens and sometimes it doesn't, but sometimes pucks just seem like they're coming in slow. I don't know why, but definitely you could say today was one of those days I was seeing the puck well."

<forge-entity title="Nico Sturm" slug="nico-sturm-8481477" code="player">Nico Sturm</forge-entity> scored the lone goal to give the Sharks (5-9-2) a 1-0 lead at 16:21 of the first period. After taking a pass from <forge-entity title="Carl Grundstrom" slug="carl-grundstrom-8479336" code="player">Carl Grundstrom</forge-entity> in the neutral zone, Sturm split two Devils players as he entered the offensive zone and lost the puck but was able to send a backhand from behind the net into the slot that deflected in off the left skate of <forge-entity title="Timo Meier" slug="timo-meier-8478414" code="player">Timo Meier</forge-entity>.

"I had a lot of speed, and I tried to one-touch it over the defenseman's stick and jump by him but couldn't corral it right away," Sturm said. "I knew everybody was going to the net so I was just trying to throw a puck in front that maybe would go back to \[Grundstrom\], but I obviously got a lucky bounce."

"It was a tough one, in the slot. Unlucky but we had plenty of time to get it back," Meier said. 
<forge-entity title="Jake Allen" slug="jake-allen-8474596" code="player">Jake Allen</forge-entity> made 26 saves for the Devils (10-6-2), who had won three in a row. New Jersey defeated the New York Islanders 4-3 in overtime at UBS Arena on Saturday.

"They've got a fast, skilled team, and they have been playing well of late," Allen said. "Coming off last night, we wanted to keep this stretch going here. Now we'll take time to regroup. It's going to be a tough test this week, a tough challenge."

New Jersey opens a three-game road trip with back-to-back games at the Florida Panthers on Tuesday and Thursday.

Blackwood, who was making his first start in New Jersey since the trade, made 10 saves in the first. His best came against <forge-entity title="Jesper Bratt" slug="jesper-bratt-8479407" code="player">Jesper Bratt</forge-entity> on a wraparound at the right post at 10:42.

"'Blackie' was outstanding, probably the best I've seen him play," San Jose coach Ryan Warsofsky said. "You could just tell he was dialed in, focused and tracking pucks really well." 
Blackwood made 15 saves in the second, denying <forge-entity title="Justin Dowling" slug="justin-dowling-8475413" code="player">Justin Dowling</forge-entity> from the slot when his shot hit Blackwood’s right pad and went off the left post at 10:56.

"I just try and put myself in good positions and be able to have a chance to make saves," Blackwood said. "I'm not going to lie, this win is up there, it's up there. There was just a lot of friendly banter (on the ice). I love so many of those guys I played with. I think they have a tremendous group in that locker room ... but that was fun for me."

The Sharks appeared to take a 2-0 lead at 12:45 of the second when <forge-entity title="Fabian Zetterlund" slug="fabian-zetterlund-8480188" code="player">Fabian Zetterlund</forge-entity> pushed a puck over the goal line at the right post. After a brief discussion by the officials, it was determined Zetterlund interfered with Allen by pushing his pad into the net.

"They got big expectations this year, and it's tough to shut down that cycle game, that skill game, that they have for 60 minutes ... it's almost impossible to do," Sturm said. "I thought we did a great job for the most part, staying tight. Obviously, 'Blackie' had a huge game."

Blackwood made 19 saves in the third period, including seven during a Devils power play after <forge-entity title="Mario Ferraro" slug="mario-ferraro-8479983" code="player">Mario Ferraro</forge-entity> took a hooking penalty with 3:32 remaining. Blackwood's 44 saves were the second most by a Sharks goalie in a shutout behind <forge-entity title="Troy Grosenick" slug="troy-grosenick-8477234" code="player">Troy Grosenick</forge-entity> (45 saves on Nov. 16, 2014).

"As you get older, you just learn to stay loose and relax and not let the highs or lows get in your face," the 27-year-old goalie said. "The thing is I'm getting older and I'm doing a better job with just being even keel throughout the whole thing."

**NOTES:** Blackwood became the fourth former Devils/Colorado Rockies/Kansas City Scouts goalie to have a shutout against the franchise, joining <forge-entity title="Scott Wedgewood" slug="scott-wedgewood-8475809" code="player">Scott Wedgewood</forge-entity> (Dec. 2, 2017), <forge-entity title="Kirk McLean" slug="kirk-mclean-8449474" code="player">Kirk McLean</forge-entity> (Oct. 19, 1988) and <forge-entity title="Denis Herron" slug="denis-herron-8447755" code="player">Denis Herron</forge-entity> (March 9, 1977). ... The Sharks are 2-1-1 in four games with forward <forge-entity title="Macklin Celebrini" slug="macklin-celebrini-8484801" code="player">Macklin Celebrini</forge-entity> in the lineup and are 3-8-1 in 12 games without him. Celebrini was the No. 1 pick in the 2024 NHL Draft. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/sjs-vs-njd/2024/11/10/2024020236){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/san-jose-sharks-new-jersey-devils-game-recap-november-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Chicago Blackhawks 2 - 1 Minnesota Wild**  
The Chicago Blackhawks, led by Philipp Kurashev's overtime goal at 1:50, clinched a 2-1 victory against the Minnesota Wild, snapping a 12-game losing streak against them that dated back to February 2020. Kurashev, assisted by Seth Jones' interception and pass, scored his third career overtime goal. Jason Dickinson gave the Blackhawks an initial lead with an unassisted goal, while Matt Boldy tied the game for the Wild with a goal assisted by Kirill Kaprizov in the third period. Notably, Chicago's goalie Petr Mrazek was instrumental to their win, making 32 saves and contributing crucial defensive plays, including using Taylor Hall's stick. Despite the Wild outshooting the Blackhawks 19-4 in the third period, the Blackhawks' penalty kill was a significant factor in their success. Kaprizov made history with a nine-game road point streak for the Wild. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/min-vs-chi/2024/11/10/2024020237){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/minnesota-wild-chicago-blackhawks-game-recap-november-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Anaheim Ducks 4 - 2 Columbus Blue Jackets**  
In his season debut, John Gibson made an impressive 38 saves, leading the Anaheim Ducks to a 4-2 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets, ending the Ducks' four-game losing streak. Gibson returned after missing 12 games due to an emergency appendectomy, with support from teammates helping him regain game speed. Brett Leason, Jackson LaCombe, Leo Carlsson, and Isac Lundestrom scored for the Ducks, while Yegor Chinakhov and Kirill Marchenko netted goals for the Blue Jackets, who extended their losing streak to five games. Notable moments included Leason scoring after being a healthy scratch for three games and Lundestrom sealing the game with an empty-net goal. The Blue Jackets displayed solid penalty-killing efforts, continuing their streak of not allowing a power-play goal to the Ducks in the past 16 meetings. Milestones were reached with Zach Werenski playing his 500th NHL game and Jack Johnson his 1,200th, with Dante Fabbro claimed off waivers by Columbus, set to debut in their next outing against the Seattle Kraken. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/cbj-vs-ana/2024/11/10/2024020238){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/columbus-blue-jackets-anaheim-ducks-game-recap-november-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

