Title: 13.04.2025
Date: 2025-04-13 05:01
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-04-13 
**Philadelphia Flyers 4 - 3 New York Islanders**  
The New York Islanders were eliminated from Stanley Cup Playoff contention following a 4-3 shootout loss to the Philadelphia Flyers. Islanders' Bo Horvat tied the game late in the third period, but Bobby Brink's decisive shootout goal in the fifth round sealed the victory for the Flyers. Tyson Foerster was notable for Philadelphia, scoring twice and extending his streak with six goals in three games. For the Islanders, who have lost nine of their last 11 games, Horvat, Anders Lee, and Noah Dobson each contributed a goal and an assist. Flyers' coach Brad Shaw praised Foerster for maintaining his disciplined playing style while scoring prolifically. The game also saw New York's Pierre Engvall briefly leave the ice due to injury, and Matvei Michkov of the Flyers reached 60 points for the season, a rookie feat not achieved since 1993-94. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyi-vs-phi/2025/04/12/2024021265){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-islanders-philadelphia-flyers-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Carolina Hurricanes 7 - 3 New York Rangers**  
The Carolina Hurricanes defeated the New York Rangers 7-3 at Lenovo Center, eliminating the Rangers from Stanley Cup playoff contention. This victory ended a four-game losing streak for the Hurricanes and saw standout performances from Seth Jarvis, who recorded a goal and two assists, and Pyotr Kochetkov, who made 28 saves. The Hurricanes finished second in the Metropolitan Division and will face the New Jersey Devils in the Eastern Conference First Round. The loss was a critical blow for the Rangers, who had ambitions of returning to the playoffs after winning the Presidents’ Trophy last season but faltered by losing four of their last five games. Remarkably, this is the first time since the franchise's relocation to Carolina that they've swept the Rangers in a season series, and only the second time in franchise history since the Hartford Whalers era. The Rangers' coach, Peter Laviolette, expressed disappointment in failing to fulfill the high expectations, particularly after last year's success. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyr-vs-car/2025/04/12/2024021266){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-rangers-carolina-hurricanes-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Los Angeles Kings 5 - 4 Colorado Avalanche**  
The Los Angeles Kings clinched a narrow 5-4 victory against the Colorado Avalanche, bolstering their second place in the Pacific Division. Kevin Fiala was pivotal, scoring twice, while Quinton Byfield and Alex Laferriere each contributed a goal and two assists, with Laferriere achieving his first NHL three-point game. This win extended the Kings' lead to four points over the Edmonton Oilers. Colorado, preparing for the playoffs, rested several key players, yet Brock Nelson still distinguished himself by reaching an impressive milestone with his 300th and 301st NHL goals. Darcy Kuemper's run of 15 consecutive starts allowing two goals or fewer ended, reflecting the Kings' offensive pressure, while the Avalanche's competitive spirit remained evident despite their recent setbacks. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/col-vs-lak/2025/04/12/2024021267){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/colorado-avalanche-los-angeles-kings-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Florida Panthers 3 - 2 Buffalo Sabres**  
In a thrilling contest, the Florida Panthers edged the Buffalo Sabres 3-2 in a shootout, gaining valuable ground in the Atlantic Division race. Carter Verhaeghe had a standout performance with a goal and an assist, contributing significantly to the Panthers' success. Jesse Puljujarvi also made a notable impact, scoring his first goal in three games with the Panthers, while Anton Lundell netted the decisive shootout goal. Vitek Vanecek, breaking a four-game winless streak, made 26 saves and three crucial stops in overtime. For the Sabres, Rasmus Dahlin and JJ Peterka each recorded a goal and an assist, with Dahlin extending his road goal streak to three games. The victory put Florida level on points with Tampa Bay for second place in the division, trailing the Toronto Maple Leafs by four points. Despite the loss, Buffalo displayed strong special teams play, with Peterka scoring a crucial late goal to force extra time, earning them a hard-fought point on the road. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/buf-vs-fla/2025/04/12/2024021268){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/buffalo-sabres-florida-panthers-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Toronto Maple Leafs 1 - 0 Montreal Canadiens**  
Maple Leafs defeat Canadiens in OT, clinch home ice for 1st round
 **TORONTO** \-\- <forge-entity title="Mitch Marner" slug="mitchell-marner-8478483" code="player">Mitch Marner</forge-entity> scored 36 seconds into overtime, and the Toronto Maple Leafs defeated the Montreal Canadiens 1-0 at Scotiabank Arena on Saturday. 
The Maple Leafs clinched home ice for the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs with a top-two finish in the Atlantic Division. Toronto leads the Tampa Bay Lightning and Florida Panthers by four points in the division. 
Marner, who had just come off the bench, took a pass from <forge-entity title="William Nylander" slug="william-nylander-8477939" code="player">William Nylander</forge-entity> and shot from the left hashmarks to give Toronto the win. The goal came 12 seconds after <forge-entity title="Anthony Stolarz" slug="anthony-stolarz-8476932" code="player">Anthony Stolarz</forge-entity> stretched out his left pad to stop <forge-entity title="Nick Suzuki" slug="nick-suzuki-8480018" code="player">Nick Suzuki</forge-entity>, who split Toronto’s defense, on a breakaway.

“Luckily I jumped over, ‘Willy’ made a great play on a little curl up and I was able to have some time, go down hill and pick my spot,” Marner said.

“It’s great, you want to be home as much as you can for the playoffs. It will be great. It’s always exciting in this barn when playoffs come around.”

The loss prevented the Canadiens from clinching a playoff berth. Montreal could have clinched a wild card with a win in regulation. The Canadiens lead the Columbus Blue Jackets by five points for the second wild card into the playoffs from the Eastern Conference.

“Stay the course, play the game that’s in front of you like we did tonight, and things will work out,” Montreal coach Martin St. Louis said. “You just have to stay the course. I’m really proud of the way the guys played tonight off a back-to-back. It was a big point for our group and not just the way we got the point, we had to fight \[for it\] a little bit.”

<forge-entity title="Anthony Stolarz" slug="anthony-stolarz-8476932" code="player">Anthony Stolarz</forge-entity> made 15 saves for the Maple Leafs (49-26-4), who are 7-1-1 in their past nine. 
Toronto played with 17 skaters and had only five healthy defensemen because of roster limitations under the salary cap. <forge-entity title="Oliver Ekman-Larsson" slug="oliver-ekman-larsson-8475171" code="player">Oliver Ekman-Larsson</forge-entity>, a defenseman, did not play and is day-to-day because of an undisclosed injury sustained in a 4-3 overtime win against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Wednesday.

“We talked about just playing real good defense, tight and I thought our team did that,” Toronto coach Craig Berube said. “Helped our defense out. We didn’t spend much time in our defensive zone, nothing off the rush and the forwards did real good job of getting above people tonight and our defense were really good I thought.”

“We talked about it from the morning on and how we need to play this game tonight and protect our defense and not have extended zone time. We had a couple shifts but that just tires our defense out when we only have five of them. They did a good job. There was definitely an awareness tonight to be above people and check.”

<forge-entity title="Jakub Dobes" slug="jakub-dobes-8482487" code="player">Jakub Dobes</forge-entity> made 34 saves for the Canadiens (39-31-10), who are 6-1-1 in their past eight, losing their past two after a six-game winning streak.

“I wouldn’t say we didn’t try to force it,” St. Louis said. “We were really disciplined in playing the game that was in front of us. They defend extremely well, and I wish some of our shots got through and found a way to the net. … Compared to some of the volume we sent towards the net, it was an above average night I feel. I think it was like 57 \[shot attempts\]. As a coach when the group plays the game in front of them and does whatever is asked in terms of what’s next, we did that tonight.”

The Maple Leafs outshot the Canadiens 21-7 after two periods and 34-15 after regulation. The 15 shots against were a season-low for the Maple Leafs, surpassing the previous low of 18 given up against the Vancouver Canucks in a 3-0 loss on Jan. 11.

“At the end of the day it’s something you have to adapt to, it’s something as a goalie it happens,” Stolarz said. “Some nights through two periods you might have 30 \[shots\], you might have seven. It’s on you to stay focused and ready and that’s why I’m always engaged and talking to the defensemen and trying to play the puck as much as I can just so I can stay engaged in the game.”

“Just our commitment to a 200-foot game, obviously with five \[defensemen\], guys are going out there pretty frequently so I think they did a really good job of managing our shifts and a lot of credit to our forwards who made the defensemen’s jobs a lot easier. Very rarely did they hem us in our zone.”

Dobes kept it 0-0 at 4:30 of the third period with a stretching right toe save on <forge-entity title="Nicholas Robertson" slug="nicholas-robertson-8481582" code="player">Nicholas Robertson</forge-entity> at the side of the net. 
The Canadiens killed off an 18-second 5-on-3 power play that began at 4:41 and the final 1:42 of the two-minute minor penalty for slashing to <forge-entity title="David Savard" slug="david-savard-8475233" code="player">David Savard</forge-entity>.

“Our PK was great tonight,” Suzuki said. “They probably secured the point for us. They have a lot of talent over there, and they were moving it around, but we had a lot of big blocked shots… We’ve leaned on our PK a lot this season and it came up big again.”

**NOTES**: The Maple Leafs will recall defenseman <forge-entity title="Dakota Mermis" slug="dakota-mermis-8477541" code="player">Dakota Mermis</forge-entity> from Toronto of the American Hockey League and he will play Sunday against the Carolina Hurricanes, Berube said. … Suzuki’s seven-game point streak (seven goals, six assists) ended. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/mtl-vs-tor/2025/04/12/2024021269){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/montreal-canadiens-toronto-maple-leafs-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Columbus Blue Jackets 7 - 0 Washington Capitals**  
Blue Jackets cruise past Capitals, keep playoff hopes alive
 **COLUMBUS --** <forge-entity title="Jet Greaves" slug="jet-greaves-8482982" code="player">Jet Greaves</forge-entity> made 21 saves for his first NHL shutout, and the Columbus Blue Jackets kept their Stanley Cup Playoff hopes alive with a 7-0 win against the Washington Capitals at Nationwide Arena on Saturday. 
<forge-entity title="Adam Fantilli" slug="adam-fantilli-8484166" code="player">Adam Fantilli</forge-entity> had two goals, and <forge-entity title="James van Riemsdyk" slug="james-van-riemsdyk-8474037" code="player">James van Riemsdyk</forge-entity> had a goal and two assists for the Blue Jackets (37-33-9), who won their third straight game. <forge-entity title="Sean Monahan" slug="sean-monahan-8477497" code="player">Sean Monahan</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="Kent Johnson" slug="kent-johnson-8482660" code="player">Kent Johnson</forge-entity> each had a goal and an assist.

"I never thought about it too much," Greaves said of the shutout in his 18th NHL game. "I just like to try to win games. Obviously, when you have shutouts, it usually means you're winning so I like it there, but otherwise it's just trying to help the team win."

Columbus trails the Montreal Canadiens by five points for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.

"We're ready to live with whatever fate comes our way and just keep playing hard," Blue Jackets forward <forge-entity title="Sean Kuraly" slug="sean-kuraly-8476374" code="player">Sean Kuraly</forge-entity> said. "We know we're just going to keep playing hard regardless of what happens elsewhere. Tonight was a good example." 
The Blue Jackets led 3-0 after the first period.

"We just gave up those early goals, which puts us in a hole, and then the game's essentially decided at that point," Capitals coach Spencer Carbery said. "So, then it becomes what it was. You just get through the periods."

<forge-entity title="Hunter Shepard" slug="hunter-shepard-8482411" code="player">Hunter Shepard</forge-entity> allowed seven goals on 26 shots for the Capitals (50-20-9) in his season debut.

Forward <forge-entity title="Alex Ovechkin" slug="alex-ovechkin-8471214" code="player">Alex Ovechkin</forge-entity>, who set the NHL all-time goals record last Sunday, and defenseman <forge-entity title="Jakob Chychrun" slug="jakob-chychrun-8479345" code="player">Jakob Chychrun</forge-entity> each did not play due to rest. Washington previously clinched the Metropolitan Division and No. 1 seed in the East.

Carbery said after the game Ovechkin would play in the home game against the Blue Jackets on Sunday, although he was unsure about Chychrun.

"Obviously, the stakes are different for both teams," Capitals forward Nic Dowd said. "But it doesn't matter. I think if we play our game and play with detail and work hard, I think good things are going to happen."

<forge-entity title="Zach Werenski" slug="zach-werenski-8478460" code="player">Zach Werenski</forge-entity> made it 1-0 at 1:00 of the first period from the left face-off dot. His 21st goal set the Blue Jackets record for most goals by a defenseman in a season.

Johnson upped the lead to 2-0 at 4:45 scoring in front. 
Fantilli made it 3-0 at 19:24, completing the rush with Johnson that started with Fantilli's check at the other end that leveled <forge-entity title="Ryan Leonard" slug="ryan-leonard-8484186" code="player">Ryan Leonard</forge-entity>.

"I feel like we studied it for a little bit but to give up that third one was tough," Washington defenseman <forge-entity title="John Carlson" slug="john-carlson-8474590" code="player">John Carlson</forge-entity> said.

Fantilli then made it 4-0 at 2:01 of the second period.

Monahan increased the lead to 5-0 at 4:37 at the crease from a setup by <forge-entity title="Kirill Marchenko" slug="kirill-marchenko-8480893" code="player">Kirill Marchenko</forge-entity>, and <forge-entity title="Cole Sillinger" slug="cole-sillinger-8482705" code="player">Cole Sillinger</forge-entity> extended it to 6-0 at 5:14, taking a pass in the slot from <forge-entity title="Dmitri Voronkov" slug="dmitri-voronkov-8481716" code="player">Dmitri Voronkov</forge-entity>. It was his first goal in 15 games.

Van Riemsdyk scored for the 7-0 final at 17:41 of the third.

"Do we need to play chippy? Do we need to play undisciplined? No," Blue Jackets coach Dean Evason said. "Do we need to have an edge? Do we need to have some bite? Are we desperate? Yeah, we need that tomorrow night."

**NOTES:** Werenski's goal total is the most by a U.S.-born defenseman since Mathieu Schneider of the Detroit Red Wings had 21 in 2005-06. … Fantilli (27 goals, 23 assists) become the fourth Blue Jackets player with 50 points in a season at age 20 or younger joining Pierre-Luc Dubois (61 in 2018-19), Rick Nash (57 in 2003-04) and Jakub Voracek (50 in 2009-10). … The Capitals have allowed at least three goals in each of their past 10 games (4-5-1). 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/wsh-vs-cbj/2025/04/12/2024021270){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/washington-capitals-columbus-blue-jackets-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Chicago Blackhawks 4 - 5 Winnipeg Jets**  
The Winnipeg Jets secured the No. 1 seed in both the Central Division and Western Conference with a hard-fought 5-4 shootout win against the Chicago Blackhawks at United Center, marking the first time in their history that they topped both the division and conference. Despite being criticized for a less-than-stellar performance, the Jets managed to battle back with Josh Morrissey scoring two crucial goals in the third period. Connor Hellebuyck tied for the fifth-most single-season wins in NHL history with his 46th victory. Meanwhile, Chicago's final home game of the season saw a bittersweet tribute to retiring veterans Patrick Maroon and Alec Martinez, with Maroon expressing gratitude for the heartfelt farewell. Nineteen-year-old Connor Bedard also made headlines by breaking the Blackhawks' record for the most NHL assists by a teenager. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/wpg-vs-chi/2025/04/12/2024021271){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/winnipeg-jets-chicago-blackhawks-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Dallas Stars 3 - 5 Utah Hockey Club**  
Logan Cooley led the Utah Hockey Club to a 5-3 victory over the Dallas Stars at the American Airlines Center, scoring a goal and providing two assists. Barrett Hayton also contributed with a goal and an assist, while Dylan Guenther and Jack McBain each recorded two assists, as Utah improved their recent form to 3-0-1 in their last four games. Notably, Utah set a franchise record by scoring four power-play goals in the game. The Stars, who have lost five consecutive games, will next face the Colorado Avalanche in the Western Conference First Round of the playoffs. Wyatt Johnston made history by becoming the first player in Dallas franchise history to reach 70 points in a season at age 21 or younger. Meanwhile, Cooley joined the ranks of Connor Bedard and Macklin Celebrini as one of the few NHL players with 60-plus points at age 20 or younger this season. Despite the loss, Dallas looks to use the remaining games to refine their play ahead of the playoffs, as articulated by coach Pete DeBoer, with hopes of maintaining health amidst a flu-like illness affecting the team. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/uta-vs-dal/2025/04/12/2024021272){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/utah-hockey-club-dallas-stars-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Vancouver Canucks - - - Minnesota Wild**  
I'm sorry, but it seems there's no game recap available to summarize. Could you provide more details or check if there's another source with information about the game? 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/min-vs-van/2025/04/12/2024021273){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/minnesota-wild-vancouver-canucks-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Vegas Golden Knights 5 - 3 Nashville Predators**  
The Vegas Golden Knights secured the top spot in the Pacific Division by defeating the Nashville Predators 5-3 at T-Mobile Arena. In a thrilling match, Nashville staged a comeback from a two-goal deficit in the third period, but Noah Hanifin’s critical goal at 18:05 tipped momentum back to Vegas. Ivan Barbashev sealed the victory with an empty-netter as time expired. Additional goals from Brett Howden, Nicolas Roy, and Alexander Holtz, along with Adin Hill's 14 saves, ensured the win, granting Vegas home-ice advantage for the initial two Stanley Cup Playoff rounds. The Predators, coming off two straight wins, found early success with goals from Jonathan Marchessault, Jordan Oesterle, and Marc Del Gaizo, the latter scoring controversially off a deflection from his helmet. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nsh-vs-vgk/2025/04/12/2024021274){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/nashville-predators-vegas-golden-knights-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Seattle Kraken - - - St Louis Blues**  
I can't summarize the game recap as there is no game story provided. If you have specific details or highlights from the game that you'd like summarized, please provide them, and I'd be happy to help. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/stl-vs-sea/2025/04/12/2024021275){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/st-louis-blues-seattle-kraken-game-recap-april-12){:target="_blank"}<br>

