Title: 11.03.2025
Date: 2025-03-11 06:02
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-03-11 
**Buffalo Sabres 3 - 2 Edmonton Oilers**  
The Buffalo Sabres snapped a six-game losing streak with a 3-2 victory over the Edmonton Oilers, thanks to Tage Thompson's two goals and Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen's 32 saves. Alex Tuch also scored for Buffalo, while Darnell Nurse and Evan Bouchard found the back of the net for Edmonton. Notably, Leon Draisaitl extended his career-high point streak to 15 games, contributing two assists and reaching at least 50 assists for the seventh time in his NHL career, tying Mark Messier for fourth-most in Oilers history. Despite Edmonton's control in the offensive zone, coach Kris Knoblauch cited crucial turnovers as a significant factor in their loss. The Sabres' disciplined puck management and defensive efforts, combined with Josh Norris setting up Thompson for the game-winner in the third period, sealed the win. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/edm-vs-buf/2025/03/10/2024021021){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/edmonton-oilers-buffalo-sabres-game-recap-march-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Ottawa Senators 2 - 1 Detroit Red Wings**  
Linus Ullmark delivered a standout performance with a season-high 48 saves, including 27 in the second period, as the Ottawa Senators defeated the Detroit Red Wings 2-1, handing the Red Wings their sixth consecutive loss. Ullmark's effort made him only the sixth goalie in NHL history to make at least 27 saves in a period without conceding a goal. Dylan Cozens, newly acquired from the Sabres, scored the decisive goal for Ottawa, while Brady Tkachuk extended his point streak to six games. With this victory, the Senators moved one point ahead of the Columbus Blue Jackets for the first wild card spot in the Eastern Conference playoff race. Despite outplaying Ottawa, Detroit couldn't capitalize due to Ullmark's heroics and now sits four points behind Columbus for the second wild card. The Senators also benefited from David Perron's power-play goal, emphasizing the importance of special teams as they boast the league's most home power-play goals. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/det-vs-ott/2025/03/10/2024021022){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/detroit-red-wings-ottawa-senators-game-recap-march-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Colorado Avalanche 3 - 0 Chicago Blackhawks**  
MacKinnon reaches 1,000 points, Avalanche blank Blackhawks for 6th win in row
 **DENVER --** <forge-entity title="Nathan MacKinnon" slug="nathan-mackinnon-8477492" code="player">Nathan MacKinnon</forge-entity> became the [100th player in NHL history to record 1,000 career points](https://www.nhl.com/news/colorado-avalanche-nathan-mackinnon-1-000th-nhl-point), surpassing the milestone with two assists for the Colorado Avalanche in a 3-0 win against the Chicago Blackhawks at Ball Arena on Monday. 
“I think it's cool. It's fun to accomplish something with friends and teammates and stuff,” MacKinnon said. “... You want team success. You want everyone to celebrate accomplishments and wins and everything like that. This thing is just for me, but it's a long road \[with\] ups and downs. Definitely a cool moment though.”

MacKinnon’s 1,000th point came on the first goal of the game 31 seconds into the third period, a deflection by <forge-entity title="Artturi Lehkonen" slug="artturi-lehkonen-8477476" code="player">Artturi Lehkonen</forge-entity>. It also extended his home point streak to 20 games.

“I think it's big. I think he'll downplay it, as he always does,” Colorado coach Jared Bednar said. “But I think when it's all said and done for him, he'll remember these milestones and appreciate it more than he does now because he's so focused by the moment. It's not a big deal to him now, but I think when it's all done and he gets a little older and starts looking back on his career and other people look back on his career, they're going to be big moments.” 
MacKinnon (362 goals, 639 assists) became the third player in Avalanche/Quebec Nordiques history to get 1,000 points, joining <forge-entity title="Joe Sakic" slug="joe-sakic-8451101" code="player">Joe Sakic</forge-entity> (1,641) and <forge-entity title="Peter Stastny" slug="peter-stastny-8451689" code="player">Peter Stastny</forge-entity> (1,048).

“It's impressive, especially at the age he's at,” Chicago captain <forge-entity title="Nick Foligno" slug="nick-foligno-8473422" code="player">Nick Foligno</forge-entity> said. “It’s a credit to the type of player \[he is\] and the way he attacks his game. He's an unreal competitor, and he’s a great ambassador for our game, too. It's impressive to see at his age, the abilities and what he's done to this organization, and I'm sure there's going to be a lot more points to come.”

<forge-entity title="Martin Necas" slug="martin-necas-8480039" code="player">Martin Necas</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="Joel Kiviranta" slug="joel-kiviranta-8481641" code="player">Joel Kiviranta</forge-entity> scored for the Avalanche (39-24-2), who swept a six-game homestand for the first time in franchise history. <forge-entity title="Scott Wedgewood" slug="scott-wedgewood-8475809" code="player">Scott Wedgewood</forge-entity> made 20 saves for his second shutout of the season (eighth in the NHL).

“I'm liking what I'm seeing from our group. We had a little bit of everything in the game tonight, even though it was pretty sloppy,” Bednar said. “Coming out of the break here, \[Wedgewood’s\] been fantastic, and that's what we need. We got a goalie that can win every single night for us. They're giving us a chance to win every single night, and it gives you a better opportunity to win on nights like this when you're not perfect with the puck.”

<forge-entity title="Spencer Knight" slug="spencer-knight-8481519" code="player">Spencer Knight</forge-entity> made 18 saves for the Blackhawks (20-36-9), who have lost two straight and three of four.

“That's what \[stinks\],” Foligno said. “It's like you feel like you probably played one of your better games in a while, even though we've gotten points in the past few. We were dialed in. We were dominating some aspects of the game.” 
<forge-entity title="Artyom Levshunov" slug="artyom-levshunov-8484783" code="player">Artyom Levshunov</forge-entity>, who was selected by Chicago with the No. 2 pick in the 2024 NHL Draft, made his NHL debut. The 19-year-old defenseman had three shots on goal in 20:55 of ice time.

“Step by step. Yeah, I was getting more confident, for sure,” Levshunov said. “Unfortunately, we lost, but yeah, I think we played hard.”

Necas appeared to score at 7:31 of the first period from the right post off a feed from MacKinnon, but the [Blackhawks successfully challenged](https://www.nhl.com/news/topic/situation-room/chicago-blackhawks-colorado-avalanche-coach-challenge) the play for offsides.

“Right when Marty scored, he thought it was offside. So, we're just kind of like, 'Yeah, I don't know if it's going to count,’” MacKinnon said. “I actually thought about that before the game, that that was going to happen, that they're going to call it back when everyone came on. So, it came true.”

Said Colorado defenseman <forge-entity title="Erik Johnson" slug="erik-johnson-8473446" code="player">Erik Johnson</forge-entity>: “The first one was more fun, but nice to be able to do it twice, and happy for Nate. He puts a lot of work into it, and sure he's happy to have it in the rearview mirror, and now he can just focus on winning hockey games and get all that behind him.”

Lehkonen gave the Avalanche the 1-0 lead in the opening minute of the third period when he redirected <forge-entity title="Devon Toews" slug="devon-toews-8478038" code="player">Devon Toews</forge-entity>’ shot from the blue line. MacKinnon had the secondary assist.

"Obviously, our team got a little boost from that, because we answered with a couple goals following that,” Bednar said. “But it was good to come out and finally put one in, because we had some really good chances too, even though they were a little fewer and farther between.”

Necas extended it to 2-0 at 3:27 with a wrist shot from the left hash marks over Knight’s glove.

Kiviranta scored into an empty net at 19:06 for the 3-0 final.

“If you can say that a loss is encouraging, I guess yeah, it was,” Chicago coach Anders Sorensen said. “I thought we did a lot of good things, and I thought both goalies were good. Ours was good too but came up a little short, unfortunately.”

**NOTES:** Selected by the Avalanche with the No. 1 pick in the 2013 NHL Draft, MacKinnon is the first player from his draft class to hit the 1,000-point mark and the 17th first overall pick to do so. … MacKinnon became the seventh player to record multiple home point streaks of at least 20 games, joining <forge-entity title="Wayne Gretzky" slug="wayne-gretzky-8447400" code="player">Wayne Gretzky</forge-entity> (eight), <forge-entity title="Mike Bossy" slug="mike-bossy-8445611" code="player">Mike Bossy</forge-entity> (two), <forge-entity title="Guy Lafleur" slug="guy-lafleur-8448624" code="player">Guy Lafleur</forge-entity> (two), <forge-entity title="Mario Lemieux" slug="mario-lemieux-8448782" code="player">Mario Lemieux</forge-entity> (two), <forge-entity title="Connor McDavid" slug="connor-mcdavid-8478402" code="player">Connor McDavid</forge-entity> (two) and <forge-entity title="Bobby Orr" slug="bobby-orr-8450070" code="player">Bobby Orr</forge-entity> (two). … Necas set a new NHL career high with 72 points (22 goals, 50 assists) in 65 games. … Blackhawks forward <forge-entity title="Jason Dickinson" slug="jason-dickinson-8477450" code="player">Jason Dickinson</forge-entity> returned after missing 11 games with a high ankle sprain. He finished minus-2 in 17:16 of ice time. … Chicago defenseman <forge-entity title="Alec Martinez" slug="alec-martinez-8474166" code="player">Alec Martinez</forge-entity> left the game at 9:17 of the first period with an undisclosed injury. He’s expected to be out day to day. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/chi-vs-col/2025/03/10/2024021023){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/chicago-blackhawks-colorado-avalanche-game-recap-march-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Utah Hockey Club 3 - 4 Toronto Maple Leafs**  
The Toronto Maple Leafs managed a 4-3 shootout victory against the Utah Hockey Club after squandering a three-goal lead at Delta Center in Salt Lake City. William Nylander, Calle Jarnkrok, and Simon Benoit scored for the Maple Leafs, while Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner secured the win by netting in the shootout. Joseph Woll made 29 crucial saves, helping Toronto break their three-game losing streak. For Utah, Barrett Hayton, Nick Schmaltz, and Michael Carcone scored to level the game, with Karel Vejmelka contributing 23 saves, although they have now lost three of their last four games. Notably, Jarnkrok's goal marked his first since January 6, 2024, and all of Utah's goals came in a rapid 3:57 span to force the shootout. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/tor-vs-uta/2025/03/10/2024021024){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/toronto-maple-leafs-utah-hockey-club-game-recap-march-10){:target="_blank"}<br>

