Title: 09.03.2025
Date: 2025-03-09 06:01
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-03-09 
**Ottawa Senators 4 - 3 New York Rangers**  
In an electrifying matchup, Brady Tkachuk led the Ottawa Senators to a stunning 4-3 overtime victory against the New York Rangers, scoring twice, including the game-winner just 33 seconds into overtime at Canadian Tire Centre. Tkachuk's efforts, extending his goal streak to five games, were complemented by Tim Stutzle, who set up the decisive goal and stretched his point streak to 14 games. The Senators overcame a 3-1 deficit in the third period with goals from Ridly Greig and Michael Amadio, as Linus Ullmark made 20 saves. Artemi Panarin and Carson Soucy contributed to the Rangers' efforts, with Panarin extending his goal streak and Soucy scoring in his Rangers debut. Despite Igor Shesterkin's impressive 33 saves, the Rangers' four-game point streak was overshadowed by their inability to maintain control. The game marked Tkachuk's 500th NHL appearance, making him the first player in Senators history to score multiple goals in such a milestone game, while Stutzle's streak ranks as the third-longest in franchise history. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyr-vs-ott/2025/03/08/2024021003){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-rangers-ottawa-senators-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Philadelphia Flyers 1 - 4 Seattle Kraken**  
The Seattle Kraken secured a 4-1 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers, marking Philipp Grubauer's first NHL win since December 30. Grubauer, who was recently recalled after a stint in the AHL, made 23 saves to help his team, particularly with a crucial stop against Matvei Michkov late in the second period, which set the stage for Matty Beniers and Chandler Stephenson to score key goals shortly after. Stephenson's goal was notable as his 100th in the NHL. Despite Owen Tippett giving the Flyers an initial lead, the team failed to capitalize on their power plays, going 0-for-5, and struggled defensively, ultimately allowing Seattle to dominate. The Kraken maintained their unbeaten record when leading after the second period, while the Flyers continue to slip, losing their third consecutive game. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/sea-vs-phi/2025/03/08/2024021004){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/seattle-kraken-philadelphia-flyers-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Tampa Bay Lightning 0 - 4 Boston Bruins**  
Swayman, Bruins shut out Lightning, end 3-game losing streak
 **TAMPA --** <forge-entity title="Jeremy Swayman" slug="jeremy-swayman-8480280" code="player">Jeremy Swayman</forge-entity> made 26 saves for his first win since Feb. 4, helping the Boston Bruins to a 4-0 victory against the Tampa Bay Lightning at Amalie Arena on Saturday. 
Swayman, who was 0-4-2 in his previous six starts, got his fourth shutout of the season.

<forge-entity title="Cole Koepke" slug="cole-koepke-8481043" code="player">Cole Koepke</forge-entity> scored twice against his former team for the Bruins (29-28-8), who had lost three straight.

Boston made five trades Friday, the day of the NHL Trade Deadline, and seven dating to Tuesday, which included dealing forward and captain <forge-entity title="Brad Marchand" slug="brad-marchand-8473419" code="player">Brad Marchand</forge-entity> to the Florida Panthers, forward <forge-entity title="Charlie Coyle" slug="charlie-coyle-8475745" code="player">Charlie Coyle</forge-entity> to the Colorado Avalanche and defenseman <forge-entity title="Brandon Carlo" slug="brandon-carlo-8478443" code="player">Brandon Carlo</forge-entity> to the Toronto Maple Leafs.

"We've been building for a while it feels like and we just haven't been getting the results," Swayman said. "For today to get the result after everything that happened yesterday, it just goes to show what we have in this locker room, even with the new faces. It's a huge testament for the guys that were here longer than I've been." 
<forge-entity title="Andrei Vasilevskiy" slug="andrei-vasilevskiy-8476883" code="player">Andrei Vasilevskiy</forge-entity> made 21 saves for the Lightning (37-22-4), who had won 10 of 11.

"I think it started two nights ago when Buffalo came in. I don't think they were ready to play that game and clearly they weren't ready tonight," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said of the Lightning, who defeated the Buffalo Sabres 6-5 on Thursday. "Maybe it's a little bit of seeing some of the guys out of their lineup and you can't do that in this league. It was a hard lesson learned but a team that came in here and worked their tails off."

Koepke gave Boston a 1-0 lead at 10:32 of the second period when he was credited with a goal after a scramble in front. After Koepke drove to the net and put a backhand through Vasilevskiy’s pads, Tampa Bay forward <forge-entity title="Oliver Bjorkstrand" slug="oliver-bjorkstrand-8477416" code="player">Oliver Bjorkstrand</forge-entity> tried to clear the puck from the crease but knocked it in off of Vasilevskiy's pad.

<forge-entity title="Mark Kastelic" slug="mark-kastelic-8480355" code="player">Mark Kastelic</forge-entity> made it 2-0 at 13:16 of the third period with a wrist shot from beyond the blue line that deflected off the stick of Lightning defenseman <forge-entity title="Darren Raddysh" slug="darren-raddysh-8478178" code="player">Darren Raddysh</forge-entity> and caught Vasilevskiy out of position.

"The guys came ready to play today,” Bruins interim coach Joe Sacco said. “There was a determination in the room and it was a solid effort all around. We got contributions from everybody in the lineup tonight. It was a good team win." 
<forge-entity title="Nikita Zadorov" slug="nikita-zadorov-8477507" code="player">Nikita Zadorov</forge-entity> scored into an empty net to push it to 3-0 at 14:52 before Koepke’s second goal made it a 4-0 final at 15:53. He scored with a one-timer from the right face-off circle off a <forge-entity title="David Pastrnak" slug="david-pastrnak-8477956" code="player">David Pastrnak</forge-entity> pass on a 2-on-1.

"They just played harder than us, they outworked us," Tampa Bay forward <forge-entity title="Brandon Hagel" slug="brandon-hagel-8479542" code="player">Brandon Hagel</forge-entity> said. "I don't think that's anywhere near Tampa Bay Lightning hockey and everyone knows it. Tonight it just wasn't us. When you're not at your best or not even close to your best it's an easy page to turn and a lesson to learn."

<forge-entity title="Casey Mittelstadt" slug="casey-mittelstadt-8479999" code="player">Casey Mittelstadt</forge-entity> got the secondary assist on the final goal in his Boston debut. The center was acquired from Colorado in the trade for Coyle.

"That guy is a phenomenal player, he's got loads of skill," Koepke said of Mittelstadt. "When the puck’s on his stick it's in a good spot. He's always making really good plays and he sees the ice very well. He has an unbelievable skill set. I just tried to get him the puck as much as I could tonight and get open and let him do his thing."

**NOTES:** Tampa Bay defenseman <forge-entity title="Victor Hedman" slug="victor-hedman-8475167" code="player">Victor Hedman</forge-entity> was a late scratch and is day to day with a lower-body injury. ... The Lightning had won their previous seven home games. They hadn’t been shut out at home since Nov. 11, 2023, in a 4-0 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes. ... It was Koepke’s first multigoal game in the NHL (82 games). He played 26 games for Tampa Bay the previous two seasons. ... Swayman tied Gilles Gilbert for the 10th-most shutouts in Boston history (16). ... Bruins defenseman <forge-entity title="Henri Jokiharju" slug="henri-jokiharju-8480035" code="player">Henri Jokiharju</forge-entity>, acquired in a trade with the Sabres on Friday, was plus-1 with seven shot attempts (one on goal) in 18:38 of ice time in his Boston debut. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/bos-vs-tbl/2025/03/08/2024021005){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/boston-bruins-tampa-bay-lightning-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Florida Panthers 4 - 0 Buffalo Sabres**  
Vanecek shuts out Sabres in debut, Panthers win 6th straight game
 **SUNRISE, Fla. --** <forge-entity title="Vitek Vanecek" slug="vitek-vanecek-8477970" code="player">Vitek Vanecek</forge-entity> made 21 saves for a shutout in his debut with the Florida Panthers in a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres at Amerant Bank Arena on Saturday. 
The Panthers (40-21-3) have won six consecutive games.

“You look at the standings, and you might say ‘Hey, this should be easy.’ There was nothing easy about that game for our team,” Florida coach Paul Maurice said. “They were really good in the first period, and after the first shift of the third, I liked our third the best. That’s when we got really disciplined.’’

Vanecek, acquired in a trade with the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday, had not recorded a win since Nov. 29.

He is the third goalie in franchise history (Chris Driedger in 2019, Jose Theodore in 2011) to record a shutout in his first game with the Panthers.

“The shutout is nice, but I am really happy for the win,’’ Vanecek said. “Really good defense, they blocked a lot of shots for me, if there was a rebound they always cleaned it up. Really good.” 
<forge-entity title="A.J. Greer" slug="a-j-greer-8478421" code="player">A.J. Greer</forge-entity>, <forge-entity title="Carter Verhaeghe" slug="carter-verhaeghe-8477409" code="player">Carter Verhaeghe</forge-entity>, <forge-entity title="Anton Lundell" slug="anton-lundell-8482113" code="player">Anton Lundell</forge-entity>, and <forge-entity title="Sam Bennett" slug="sam-bennett-8477935" code="player">Sam Bennett</forge-entity> each scored for Florida. <forge-entity title="Nate Schmidt" slug="nate-schmidt-8477220" code="player">Nate Schmidt</forge-entity> had two assists.

<forge-entity title="Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen" slug="ukko-pekka-luukkonen-8480045" code="player">Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen</forge-entity> made 32 saves for Buffalo (24-32-6) which has lost six straight.

The Sabres were shorthanded after the NHL Trade Deadline on Friday, and were also missing some key pieces due to illness and injury including forwards <forge-entity title="Jordan Greenway" slug="jordan-greenway-8478413" code="player">Jordan Greenway</forge-entity>, <forge-entity title="Jason Zucker" slug="jason-zucker-8475722" code="player">Jason Zucker</forge-entity>, and <forge-entity title="Jiri Kulich" slug="jiri-kulich-8483468" code="player">Jiri Kulich</forge-entity>.

“We didn’t take advantage of some of the plays we made,” Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff said. “We had a 2-on-1, 3-on-1 … we had the opportunities to stay right in the game. They were being overaggressive and we created the opportunities.”

Florida took the lead at 7:20 of the first, Schmidt’s shot from the left side of the net getting between Luukkonen’s skates and behind him. Greer swept the puck into the back of the net. 
Verhaeghe made it 2-0 at 9:32 of the second period, his point shot sailing through traffic and finding the left corner of the net.

Lundell’s goal was similar to the one scored by Greer in the first. He made it 3-0 at 17:09 of the second when Schmidt’s initial shot snuck through the legs of the Buffalo goalie. The puck slipped behind Luukkonen and Lundell was there to push it through.

“It was a game for \[Vanecek\], he made some big saves to keep us in the game,” Lundell said. “It’s always to fun to play in front of a guy who plays like that. We tried to help him as much as we could. Just a great team win for us, again. I think we just picked up from the last one.’’

Bennett scored into an empty net at 19:26 of the third for the 4-0 final.

The Sabres were held to three shots in the third period after getting off nine in each of the first two.

“It was a little too sporadic, not enough sustained pressure especially in the offensive zone,” Buffalo forward <forge-entity title="Alex Tuch" slug="alex-tuch-8477949" code="player">Alex Tuch</forge-entity> said. “When we got around the net, we had some pretty good opportunities but weren’t able to capitalize. They are a very good team, a very patient team. … That’s why they’re the defending Stanley Cup champions. Everyone buys in, plays the same way, and plays the system to a T.”

It was the third shutout in four games for the Panthers, who became the 11th team in NHL history to allow just one goal in a four-game span.

The Tampa Bay Lightning were the last team to do it from Feb. 24-March 2, 2021.

<forge-entity title="Sergei Bobrovsky" slug="sergei-bobrovsky-8475683" code="player">Sergei Bobrovsky</forge-entity>, Florida’s starting goalie, has two shutouts in his past three starts. He gave up a goal to the Lightning in a 2-1 win on Monday night.

**NOTES:** <forge-entity title="Aaron Ekblad" slug="aaron-ekblad-8477932" code="player">Aaron Ekblad</forge-entity> has seven assists in a six-game assist streak, tying the longest assist streak in Florida’s franchise history. <forge-entity title="Brandon Montour" slug="brandon-montour-8477986" code="player">Brandon Montour</forge-entity> did it last, during the 2022-23 season. … Florida leads the NHL with 29 wins when scoring first. … <forge-entity title="Aleksander Barkov" slug="aleksander-barkov-8477493" code="player">Aleksander Barkov</forge-entity> became the third player in Panthers history to record four consecutive 60-point seasons, joining former linemate Jonathan Huberdeau, and current linemate <forge-entity title="Sam Reinhart" slug="sam-reinhart-8477933" code="player">Sam Reinhart</forge-entity>. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/buf-vs-fla/2025/03/08/2024021006){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/buffalo-sabres-florida-panthers-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Colorado Avalanche 7 - 4 Toronto Maple Leafs**  
Valeri Nichushkin's hat trick and assist propelled the Colorado Avalanche to a 7-4 victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs, marking Colorado's fifth consecutive win. Nathan MacKinnon contributed two goals and an assist, becoming the first NHL player this season to reach 100 points, and he now has three consecutive 100-point seasons for the Avalanche, a feat matched only by Peter Stastny. Despite strong performances from Toronto's Mitch Marner and John Tavares, who each scored twice, and Auston Matthews, who extended his point streak to 12 games with three assists, the Maple Leafs suffered their third consecutive loss. Colorado's Joel Kiviranta and Jonathan Drouin contributed crucial goals, with Drouin tying the game before MacKinnon put the Avalanche ahead again. Nichushkin sealed the win with an empty-net goal, and MacKinnon added another empty-netter for the final score. Notably, new additions Brock Nelson and Charlie Coyle each registered an assist in their Avalanche debuts. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/tor-vs-col/2025/03/08/2024021007){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/toronto-maple-leafs-colorado-avalanche-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Calgary Flames 1 - 0 Montreal Canadiens**  
Wolf makes 26 saves, Flames shut out Canadiens
 **CALGARY** \-\- <forge-entity title="Dustin Wolf" slug="dustin-wolf-8481692" code="player">Dustin Wolf</forge-entity> made 26 saves to help the Calgary Flames hold on for a 1-0 win against the Montreal Canadiens at Scotiabank Saddledome on Saturday. 
It was Wolf’s third shutout of the season, setting a Flames rookie record and tying him for the NHL rookie lead with <forge-entity title="Leevi Merilainen" slug="leevi-merilainen-8482447" code="player">Leevi Merilainen</forge-entity> of the Ottawa Senators.

"Those are fun games to play," Wolf said. "Those are the games you dream of playing -- 1-0, 2-1 -- those are the ones that matter the most. It doesn't really matter how they come right now as long as we find a way to get two points."

<forge-entity title="Joel Farabee" slug="joel-farabee-8480797" code="player">Joel Farabee</forge-entity> scored for the Flames (30-23-10), who have points in four straight (2-0-2).

"It definitely feels good," Farabee said. "This time of the year you have to be able to win those types of games and having 'Wolfie' play the way he did tonight as incredible. He didn't give up anything, honestly. I felt like we defended pretty well in front of him but the few chances they got he was right on it. A real credit to him too." 
<forge-entity title="Jakub Dobes" slug="jakub-dobes-8482487" code="player">Jakub Dobes</forge-entity> made 23 saves for the Canadiens (30-27-6), who had a six-game point streak end (5-0-1) with a second straight loss.

"I don't think it was a bad game," Montreal forward <forge-entity title="Jake Evans" slug="jake-evans-8478133" code="player">Jake Evans</forge-entity> said. "I don't think it was our best, and you're playing in these types of games with a team that's in a similar situation as us. It's just one small error can take it away from you. There's a lot less offensive opportunities and you have to work harder for those. It's a tough one to let slip away, but it wasn't that bad a game for us."

Farabee gave Calgary a 1-0 lead on a wrist shot through a <forge-entity title="Blake Coleman" slug="blake-coleman-8476399" code="player">Blake Coleman</forge-entity> screen from the right face-off dot at 16:21 of the second period for his second goal in as many games.

"He seems to fit right into the way me and \[Mikael Backlund\] have played for a long time now," Coleman said. "He's a really strong competitor on pucks and we're starting to see the offense come through as well."

Farabee's goal came after <forge-entity title="Yegor Sharangovich" slug="yegor-sharangovich-8481068" code="player">Yegor Sharangovich</forge-entity> hit the post on a backhand two minutes into the second after being stopped by Dobes on consecutive shots off the rush midway through the first period. 
Canadiens forward <forge-entity title="Cole Caufield" slug="cole-caufield-8481540" code="player">Cole Caufield</forge-entity> hit the crossbar on a cross-ice setup by <forge-entity title="Lane Hutson" slug="lane-hutson-8483457" code="player">Lane Hutson</forge-entity> 59 seconds into the third period.

Caufield also missed the net on a breakaway at 14:32.

Wolf made two saves, off Caufield and <forge-entity title="Nick Suzuki" slug="nick-suzuki-8480018" code="player">Nick Suzuki</forge-entity>, on four shot attempts in the final 1:21 to preserve the win.

"I think we dictated pretty much that whole third," said Caufield, who had a four-game goal streak and six-game point streak end (five goals, two assists). "I think we had our looks in the O-zone, possessed a lot, just couldn't get one past him tonight. Great game by him. We had our chances. It's a tough one to swallow right now, but we'll move on and focus on the next one."

**NOTES**: Canadiens forward <forge-entity title="Patrik Laine" slug="patrik-laine-8479339" code="player">Patrik Laine</forge-entity> did not play because of the flu. … Wolf, who has allowed two goals or fewer in four of his past five starts, leads all rookie goalies in starts (38) and wins (22), and is first in goals-against average (2.52) and save percentage (.915) among those with at least 13 games played. ... Wolf, who played 17 of his 56 career NHL games in 2023-24, is the third-fastest Flames netminder to 30 wins behind Miikka Kiprusoff (52) and teammate Dan Vladar (55). ... The Flames are 19-2-0 when leading after two periods this season. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/mtl-vs-cgy/2025/03/08/2024021008){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/montreal-canadiens-calgary-flames-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Nashville Predators 3 - 2 Chicago Blackhawks**  
In a thrilling overtime victory, Steven Stamkos secured his 14th NHL hat trick to lead the Nashville Predators to a 3-2 win against the Chicago Blackhawks. Stamkos's game-winning goal, assisted by Fedor Svechkov, propelled him past Mike Bossy to rank 23rd in NHL history with 576 goals. The Predators' win was their third straight, with goalie Justus Annunen making 17 saves. Notably, Jonathan Marchessault praised Stamkos's enduring talent. Despite the loss, the Blackhawks collected a point, with Alex Vlasic and Ilya Mikheyev scoring and Arvid Soderblom making 38 saves. Joe Veleno debuted for the Blackhawks following a trade, while Jakub Vrana and Jordan Oesterle made their first appearances for the Predators after being claimed off waivers. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/chi-vs-nsh/2025/03/08/2024021009){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/chicago-blackhawks-nashville-predators-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Los Angeles Kings 2 - 1 St Louis Blues**  
Quinton Byfield's overtime goal, just 27 seconds into the period, lifted the Los Angeles Kings to a 2-1 victory over the St. Louis Blues, snapping a five-game losing streak at Crypto.com Arena. Adrian Kempe played a crucial role by forcing a turnover that allowed Byfield to deliver a winning wrist shot from the left circle. Head coach Jim Hiller praised the team's persistence, noting they maintained pressure throughout the game. Anze Kopitar also scored and reached the 15-goal mark for the 16th time in his 19 seasons, tying a historic record with Drew Doughty for combined goals with a forward and defenseman. Nick Leddy netted his first goal of the season for the Blues, who managed a strong performance despite the loss, pushing the game into overtime with a late equalizer. Notably, the Blues had an early first-period goal disallowed after video review, while the Kings had one wiped off due to an offside call. The game also marked the debut of Andrei Kuzmenko, recently acquired by the Kings, who logged significant minutes and played alongside top-line players Kopitar and Kempe. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/stl-vs-lak/2025/03/08/2024021010){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/st-louis-blues-los-angeles-kings-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Edmonton Oilers - - - Dallas Stars**  
I'm sorry, it seems there is no information available about the game you're referring to. If you provide details or context about the game, I can help create a summary based on what you know. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/dal-vs-edm/2025/03/08/2024021011){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/dallas-stars-edmonton-oilers-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**San Jose Sharks - - - New York Islanders**  
I'm sorry, but there is no game recap available to summarize based on the information provided. If you have any other sports-related questions or need information on a different topic, feel free to ask! 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyi-vs-sjs/2025/03/08/2024021012){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-islanders-san-jose-sharks-game-recap-march-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

