Title: 26.10.2024
Date: 2024-10-26 00:00
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2024-10-26 
**Vegas Golden Knights 6 - 4 Ottawa Senators**  
The Vegas Golden Knights remained undefeated at home with a dramatic 6-4 victory over the Ottawa Senators at T-Mobile Arena. The Knights rallied late, scoring three goals in just 1:25 during the third period, including a tying one-timer from Tomas Hertl followed by a wrist-shot winner from Keegan Kolesar, and an empty-net goal by Ivan Barbashev, who scored twice in the game. Despite an early 2-0 lead from Ottawa, with Adam Gaudette scoring as he ended a 41-game goal drought and Claude Giroux continuing his point streak, the Senators were unable to hold on. Key contributions from Alex Pietrangelo with three assists, and a strong 35-save performance from Adin Hill helped secure the Golden Knights' fifth consecutive home win. Ottawa's coach Travis Green acknowledged their strong performance in a tough arena, while Vegas coach Bruce Cassidy admitted his team struggled but ultimately managed to secure the two points. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/ott-vs-vgk/2024/10/25/2024020118){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/ottawa-senators-vegas-golden-knights-game-recap-october-25){:target="_blank"}<br>

**New Jersey Devils 3 - 4 New York Islanders**  
In a thrilling overtime victory, Bo Horvat scored just 1:09 into the extra period to lift the New York Islanders to a 4-3 win over the New Jersey Devils at the Prudential Center. The game saw the Islanders bounce back after Jesper Bratt tied the score at 3-3 late in the third period with the Devils' goalie pulled. Horvat's decisive goal was set up by Mathew Barzal's perfect cross-ice pass. The Islanders, who had lost two of their previous three games, got contributions from Kyle Palmieri and Brock Nelson each adding a goal and an assist, while Ilya Sorokin made 32 impressive saves. Despite having lost four straight games, the Devils battled with scoring efforts from Bratt, Nico Hischier, and Curtis Lazar. Notable performances included Horvat's fourth overtime goal since the start of last season, tying him for the most in the NHL, and Bratt extending his assist streak to four games. Both teams showed resilience in a game marked by crucial late-game dramatics and strategic plays. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyi-vs-njd/2024/10/25/2024020119){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-islanders-new-jersey-devils-game-recap-october-25){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Chicago Blackhawks 2 - 3 Nashville Predators**  
The Nashville Predators secured a thrilling 3-2 comeback victory over the Chicago Blackhawks, with Brady Skjei scoring the decisive power-play goal in the third period. After the Predators initially fell behind 2-0 following early goals from Craig Smith and Connor Bedard, they rallied back with goals from Filip Forsberg and Gustav Nyquist, the latter marking his 200th NHL career goal. Juuse Saros contributed to the win with 27 saves, while Petr Mrazek stopped 31 shots for the Blackhawks, who are now on a three-game losing streak. A crucial moment in the game occurred when an apparent Chicago power-play goal was disallowed for offside, leading to a noticeable momentum shift favoring Nashville. The Predators capitalized with strong special teams play, successfully killing all five Chicago power plays, maintaining their impressive penalty-kill rate. Nashville's effort marks their second consecutive win after a challenging start to the season, giving them a boost in confidence moving forward. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nsh-vs-chi/2024/10/25/2024020120){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/nashville-predators-chicago-blackhawks-game-recap-october-25){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Edmonton Oilers 4 - 0 Pittsburgh Penguins**  
Skinner makes 27 saves in shutout, Oilers cruise past Penguins
 **EDMONTON --** <forge-entity title="Stuart Skinner" slug="stuart-skinner-8479973" code="player">Stuart Skinner</forge-entity> made 27 saves for the Edmonton Oilers in a 4-0 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins at Rogers Place on Friday. 
It was Skinner’s first shutout of the season, and his fifth in the NHL.

“I thought just all around, start to finish we just played a really solid game,” Skinner said. “It started with the D-zone obviously, and from there we were able to capitalize on some offense. And that’s normally how it starts for us, when we are solid in the D-zone we get a lot of chances.

“In the first period, I had five shots (against) and everything was from the outside, so just an amazing team effort.”

<forge-entity title="Evan Bouchard" slug="evan-bouchard-8480803" code="player">Evan Bouchard</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="Mattias Ekholm" slug="mattias-ekholm-8475218" code="player">Mattias Ekholm</forge-entity> each had a goal and an assist, and <forge-entity title="Viktor Arvidsson" slug="viktor-arvidsson-8478042" code="player">Viktor Arvidsson</forge-entity> had three assists for the Oilers (3-4-1), who had lost two in a row (0-1-1).

“I think the defensive side of the puck was excellent today,” said Arvidsson, who earned his first three points of the season. “We backtracked really hard and made them chip it and then we’d turn it up and got going again. I think that was the key part of our game tonight.” 
<forge-entity title="Joel Blomqvist" slug="joel-blomqvist-8482446" code="player">Joel Blomqvist</forge-entity> made 46 saves for the Penguins (3-5-1), who have lost four straight (0-3-1).

“\[Blomqvist\] played terrific, I thought he was really good tonight, he kept us in the game,” Pittsburgh coach Mike Sullivan said. “It’s concerning because we’re just not good enough right now. We didn’t play hard enough, we didn’t play together as a group, we weren’t good enough.

“It’s team defense, we didn’t have the puck enough. We have to hang on to pucks, we have to make plays when they’re there and hang on to pucks in the offensive zone. We just didn’t have the puck enough. It’s a collective effort. We have to do a better job hanging onto pucks in the offensive zone.”

Edmonton outshot Pittsburgh 19-5 in the first period.

“To be honest with you, nothing much (in the way of shots faced) until halfway through the second period and all I thought was how good this goalie at the other end’s doing,” Skinner said. “He was incredible, he was just moving so well, making some incredible saves. So, huge kudos to him and the way that he played and how he battled.”

<forge-entity title="Leon Draisaitl" slug="leon-draisaitl-8477934" code="player">Leon Draisaitl</forge-entity> gave the Oilers a 1-0 lead at 13:00 of the second period on a wrist shot from just above the right face-off dot past Blomqvist’s blocker. 
Bouchard made it 2-0 at 17:35 with a wrist shot from the high slot that beat Blomqvist stick side.

“I think maybe I left the far post a little bit open there, but I need to learn from each thing that happens out there,” Blomqvist said. “You stay in the game pretty well when there’s shots coming at you all the time. You can’t really choose what’s going to come in the game at you, so you need to be ready for everything.

“I felt pretty good. You can’t really count the shots, I need to stop everyone and that’s what you’re trying to do. I feel like I learn from each game. Obviously, it’s a good league so the margins are small, every mistake you see right away. I just need to learn from it all the time.”

<forge-entity title="Ryan Nugent-Hopkins" slug="ryan-nugent-hopkins-8476454" code="player">Ryan Nugent-Hopkins</forge-entity> scored 16 seconds into the third period to extend it to 3-0, corralling a bouncing puck in front of the Penguins net and snapping it in for his first goal of the season.

Ekholm scored on the power play for the 4-0 final at 7:00, a wrist shot from the point through traffic.

“That was what we didn’t do a couple of nights earlier on in the year, where we played very well at the start and then kind of faded away and then they would get a goal and we got a little fragile,” Ekholm said. “But I thought tonight we got a solid 60 minutes. I didn’t think we gave up a whole lot, and ‘Stu’ obviously played great.

“As a team, we had north of 45 shots and 19 in the first, if you do that you are going to get results eventually and it was just a matter of the puck going in. At the end of the day, it sure did in a good way, and we’ve just got to keep it rolling.”

**NOTES:** Drafted first overall 10 years apart, it was the 14th head-to-head matchup between <forge-entity title="Connor McDavid" slug="connor-mcdavid-8478402" code="player">Connor McDavid</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="Sidney Crosby" slug="sidney-crosby-8471675" code="player">Sidney Crosby</forge-entity>. ... Edmonton defenseman <forge-entity title="Troy Stecher" slug="troy-stecher-8479442" code="player">Troy Stecher</forge-entity> played his 500th NHL game ... Draisaitl extended his point streak to five games (three goals, three assists). 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/pit-vs-edm/2024/10/25/2024020121){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/pittsburgh-penguins-edmonton-oilers-game-recap-october-25){:target="_blank"}<br>

