Title: 29.03.2025
Date: 2025-03-29 06:01
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-03-29 
**Florida Panthers 2 - 1 Utah Hockey Club**  
The Florida Panthers secured a 2-1 overtime victory against the Utah Hockey Club, marking their seventh consecutive home win. Sam Bennett clinched the win with his second goal of the game, assisted by newcomer Brad Marchand, who made an impressive debut after being acquired before the NHL Trade Deadline. Marchand, previously with the Boston Bruins for 16 seasons and recovering from an upper-body injury, provided a key assist to Bennett, showcasing his adaptability to his new team. Sergei Bobrovsky contributed with 13 saves, helping Florida ascend to the top of the Atlantic Division. Despite a loss, Utah put up a strong fight after a crushing 8-0 defeat to Tampa Bay, with Karel Vejmelka making 30 saves and Sean Durzi scoring Utah's lone goal. Panthers coach Paul Maurice edged closer to a career milestone with this win, while Utah coach Andre Tourigny praised his team's resilience. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/uta-vs-fla/2025/03/28/2024021153){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/utah-hockey-club-florida-panthers-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Carolina Hurricanes 4 - 1 Montreal Canadiens**  
The Carolina Hurricanes defeated the Montreal Canadiens 4-1 at the Lenovo Center, with Jackson Blake contributing a goal and two assists, marking his first goal in 23 games. Taylor Hall, celebrating his 900th NHL game, scored a power-play goal, extending his streak to seven goals in the past eight games. Notably, Andrei Svechnikov returned to the lineup after a seven-game absence due to injury and sealed the win with an empty-net goal. The victory kept the Hurricanes in second place in the Metropolitan Division, highlighting their impressive 10 wins in the last 12 games. For the Canadiens, Josh Anderson scored, but the team extended their losing streak to five games, further dimming their playoff hopes. Brent Burns played his 915th consecutive game, marking the fourth-longest streak in NHL history. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/mtl-vs-car/2025/03/28/2024021154){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/montreal-canadiens-carolina-hurricanes-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Columbus Blue Jackets 7 - 6 Vancouver Canucks**  
The Columbus Blue Jackets pulled off a thrilling 7-6 shootout victory against the Vancouver Canucks after rallying from a 3-0 deficit in the first period and a 5-3 deficit in the third. Boone Jenner and Dante Fabbro each contributed three points, with Jenner scoring two goals and Fabbro adding one. Elvis Merzlikins made 31 saves, and Kent Johnson secured the win during the shootout. The Blue Jackets, now tied with Montreal and New York at 75 points in the race for an Eastern Conference wild card, displayed resilience as they achieved their eighth three-goal comeback in franchise history. For the Canucks, Aatu Raty scored twice, and Brock Boeser added a goal and an assist. Despite a high-octane match filled with momentum swings, Vancouver now trails the St. Louis Blues by four points for the Western Conference wild card. Columbus ended a power-play drought with Jenner's crucial goal, marking their first such success since March 1. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/van-vs-cbj/2025/03/28/2024021155){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vancouver-canucks-columbus-blue-jackets-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Winnipeg Jets 4 - 0 New Jersey Devils**  
Hellebuyck gets NHL-high 7th shutout, Jets defeat Devils
 **WINNIPEG --** <forge-entity title="Connor Hellebuyck" slug="connor-hellebuyck-8476945" code="player">Connor Hellebuyck</forge-entity> made 24 saves for his NHL-leading seventh shutout of the season, and the Winnipeg Jets defeated the New Jersey Devils 4-0 at Canada Life Centre on Friday. 
“I think it was a complete team effort -- perfect way to put it,” Hellebuyck said. “Everyone was playing their game, snapping it around, playing quick, hitting. Our details were great tonight. ... I just love shutouts, to be honest with you. That's why I play the game.”

Hellebuyck set a Jets/Atlanta Thrashers record for most shutouts in a season.

“\[Hellebuyck\] might be the best goalie in the in the world,” Devils defenseman <forge-entity title="Brett Pesce" slug="brett-pesce-8477488" code="player">Brett Pesce</forge-entity> said. “He made some huge stops for them. I thought we had some opportunities -- Timo \[Meier\] hits a post on the power play, which could have made it 2-1. But they just don't give you much. They stick to their structure, they don't beat themselves. You know, it's a good hockey team.”

The Jets (50-19-4) became the first team to reach 50 wins this season and took a one-point lead on the Washington Capitals for first place in the NHL standings. Winnipeg, which has clinched a Stanley Cup Playoff berth, also widened its lead on the Dallas Stars to six points for first place in the Central Division and Western Conference. 
<forge-entity title="Alex Iafallo" slug="alex-iafallo-8480113" code="player">Alex Iafallo</forge-entity> scored twice, <forge-entity title="Mark Scheifele" slug="mark-scheifele-8476460" code="player">Mark Scheifele</forge-entity> had a goal and an assist, and <forge-entity title="Kyle Connor" slug="kyle-connor-8478398" code="player">Kyle Connor</forge-entity> had two assists for the Jets.

“I think we're realizing we're really close to \[the\] playoffs, and we want to bring our playoff game every single night,” Hellebuyck said. “And this time of year is when you want to be playing your best hockey, and you feel your best when you play your best.”

<forge-entity title="Jake Allen" slug="jake-allen-8474596" code="player">Jake Allen</forge-entity> made 15 saves for the Devils (38-29-7), who have lost four of five (1-3-1). They lead the Columbus Blue Jackets by eight points for third place in the Metropolitan Division.

“I didn't hate our game. You know, I thought our guys were right there,” New Jersey coach Sheldon Keefe said. “We only give up under 20 shots against a really good team. But the sequences of the first two goals, and even the fourth one, too – we’ve got to do a better job there and then \[we’ve\] got to create more offense. That's the bottom line.”

Iafallo gave Winnipeg a 1-0 lead 58 seconds into the first period when he took a Connor pass in the low slot, spun and sent a backhand past a sprawling Allen.

“\[Iafallo\] is a really smart player. I think you can see it out there,” Jets forward <forge-entity title="David Gustafsson" slug="david-gustafsson-8481019" code="player">David Gustafsson</forge-entity> said. “He adapts really good to what kind of situation he is in. He is always aware of what is the best play to make and he usually makes it too.” 
Gustafsson made it 2-0 less than a minute later at 1:52. He jammed the puck in after Allen couldn’t control the rebound of a <forge-entity title="Brandon Tanev" slug="brandon-tanev-8479293" code="player">Brandon Tanev</forge-entity> shot following a Devils turnover in their defensive zone.

“We gave them a couple of gifts early, and you're playing against a team that gives up the least amount (of goals) in the NHL,” Keefe said of the Jets, who allow an average of 2.34 goals per game. “And you're spotting them a 2-0 lead. It's tough sledding from there.”

Iafallo pushed it to 3-0 on the power play at 15:45 of the second period with his second of the game. He knocked down <forge-entity title="Nikolaj Ehlers" slug="nikolaj-ehlers-8477940" code="player">Nikolaj Ehlers</forge-entity>’ pass with his glove at the edge of the crease and quickly banged the puck in.

“He's taken advantage of the opportunity,” Winnipeg coach Scott Arniel said of Iafallo, who has moved up in the lineup with forward <forge-entity title="Gabriel Vilardi" slug="gabriel-vilardi-8480014" code="player">Gabriel Vilardi</forge-entity> out because of an upper-body injury. “Getting the chance … to play a lot more, play in that top line, and then \[Gustafsson\] getting in the lineup, those are just situations of guys taking advantage of opportunities that have been put out in front of them. I think our group has done that all year, and that's helped with our success.”

Scheifele then extended it to 4-0 at 19:18, tucking the puck behind Allen at the left side of the net off the rebound of Connor’s shot that banked off the end boards.

“One of the best teams, if not the best team in the League,” Pesce said. “\[We\] kind of handed them two (goals) there and, well, that's the difference. … You give any good team a lead like that, they lock it down and they don't hurt themselves. And we did tonight.”

Devils defenseman <forge-entity title="Luke Hughes" slug="luke-hughes-8482684" code="player">Luke Hughes</forge-entity> was scratched with a lower-body injury for precautionary reasons. He did not take part in the morning skate but did take the warmup.

“He wanted to play here today, but he's not at 100 percent,” Keefe said. “And there was a good chance that playing again today would have made it worse. With another game tomorrow (at the Minnesota Wild) and obviously games still to come, I just felt it was the right thing for him and our team to give him the night off. We'll reevaluate him tomorrow and see where he's at, but just call it day to day at this point."

**NOTES:** Hellebuyck became the ninth United States-born goaltender in NHL history with at least seven shutouts in a season. The last with more was <forge-entity title="Jonathan Quick" slug="jonathan-quick-8471734" code="player">Jonathan Quick</forge-entity> (10 for the Los Angeles Kings in 2011-12). With 44 shutouts, Hellebuyck moved past <forge-entity title="Craig Anderson" slug="craig-anderson-8467950" code="player">Craig Anderson</forge-entity> and into a tie with <forge-entity title="Ryan Miller" slug="ryan-miller-8468011" code="player">Ryan Miller</forge-entity> for the second-most by U.S.-born goalie, behind Quick (63). … The Jets reached 50 wins in 73 games, the fastest they’ve achieved the milestone. … Scheifele had his 201st career multipoint game, passing Blake Wheeler for the most in franchise history. … Scheifele has an assist in each of his past four games. He ended a nine-game goal drought. … Connor (37 goals, 51 assists) became the third player in Jets/Thrashers history with at least 30 goals and 50 assists in a season, following <forge-entity title="Marian Hossa" slug="marian-hossa-8466148" code="player">Marian Hossa</forge-entity> (2005-06 and 2006-07) and Scheifele (2016-17). 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/njd-vs-wpg/2025/03/28/2024021156){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-jersey-devils-winnipeg-jets-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Chicago Blackhawks 3 - 5 Vegas Golden Knights**  
In a thrilling encounter, the Vegas Golden Knights edged out the Chicago Blackhawks 5-3 at the United Center, thanks to Pavel Dorofeyev's decisive late power-play goal. Despite Ryan Donato's outstanding performance, including his first NHL hat trick and a career-high 28 goals for the season, the Blackhawks fell short. Donato's quick succession of goals in the second period initially put Chicago ahead, but the Golden Knights' Victor Olofsson, who scored twice, and William Karlsson, with three assists, ensured Vegas remained in control. Adin Hill made 18 saves for Vegas, and Brett Howden sealed the win with an empty-net goal. The victory marked the Golden Knights' eighth third-period comeback of the season, cementing their lead in the Pacific Division and showcasing their resilience and timely power play contributions. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/vgk-vs-chi/2025/03/28/2024021157){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vegas-golden-knights-chicago-blackhawks-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Anaheim Ducks 5 - 4 New York Rangers**  
The Anaheim Ducks rallied to defeat the New York Rangers 5-4 in overtime, with Mason McTavish sealing the victory just 59 seconds into the extra period. Leo Carlsson was a standout performer with a goal and three assists, while Olen Zellweger and Cutter Gauthier each added a goal and an assist. The Ducks made a stunning comeback from a two-goal deficit, scoring twice in the final six minutes of regulation to force overtime. The Rangers, despite a strong start and a two-goal lead, struggled with execution and special teams, going 1-for-7 on the power play and failing to capitalize on a crucial 5-on-3 scenario. This loss added to the Rangers' rough patch as they continue to fight for a wild card spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Key performances included Alexis Lafreniere recording his 100th NHL assist, and Carlsson achieving his second consecutive short-handed goal, showcasing the Ducks' resilience and determination. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyr-vs-ana/2025/03/28/2024021158){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-rangers-anaheim-ducks-game-recap-march-28){:target="_blank"}<br>

