Title: 27.11.2024
Date: 2024-11-27 06:01
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2024-11-27 
**Boston Bruins 0 - 2 Vancouver Canucks**  
DeBrusk scores game-winner in return to Boston, Canucks shut out Bruins
 **BOSTON --** <forge-entity title="Jake DeBrusk" slug="jake-debrusk-8478498" code="player">Jake DeBrusk</forge-entity> scored for the Vancouver Canucks in a 2-0 win against his former team, the Boston Bruins, at TD Garden on Tuesday. 
It was DeBrusk’s first game against Boston after spending the first seven seasons of his career with the Bruins, who selected him with the No. 14 pick of the 2015 NHL Draft. The 28-year-old forward signed a seven-year contract with Vancouver as a free agent on July 1.

“That was probably the weirdest game I’ve played probably since my first-ever game,” DeBrusk said. “That was my mental state, but the guys were great. Kept me in and kept cheering me on and stuff.”

<forge-entity title="Conor Garland" slug="conor-garland-8478856" code="player">Conor Garland</forge-entity> had a goal and an assist, and <forge-entity title="Kevin Lankinen" slug="kevin-lankinen-8480947" code="player">Kevin Lankinen</forge-entity> made 32 saves in the shutout for the Canucks (11-6-3), who have won three of their past five (3-2-0). In addition to Lankinen’s performance in net, Vancouver blocked 26 shots to Boston’s 11.

“\[Lankinen\] was, you know, First, Second and Third Star,” Canucks coach Rick Tocchet said. “He was very good tonight. Saw the puck extremely well. … They’re tough saves he made tonight, really tough.” 
<forge-entity title="Jeremy Swayman" slug="jeremy-swayman-8480280" code="player">Jeremy Swayman</forge-entity> made 13 saves for the Bruins (10-10-3), who have lost four of six (2-3-1).

“We just have to start burying our chances,” Boston interim coach Joe Sacco said. “I think that we’re giving ourselves a chance to compete in games now. The guys are defending hard, like I mentioned before, but offensively, we have to get some guys going and find their scoring touch.”

Neither team had a shot on goal until <forge-entity title="David Pastrnak" slug="david-pastrnak-8477956" code="player">David Pastrnak</forge-entity> unleashed a one-timer from the left face-off circle at 7:00 of the first period.

DeBrusk gave Vancouver a 1-0 lead at 5:53 of the second period on a power play, sweeping in the rebound in front of the net after Garland deflected a shot by <forge-entity title="Quinn Hughes" slug="quinn-hughes-8480800" code="player">Quinn Hughes</forge-entity>.

“You can think about anything you want to think about, but once push comes to shove and you’re on the ice, it’s about getting the two points,” DeBrusk said. “Obviously it means a lot to a guy like me to pull out the win. I thought they played a great game, actually. I think that’s the best I’ve seen them, shooting pucks from everywhere, and we just kind of played a defensive style.” 
The Bruins had three power-play opportunities down the stretch with a chance to tie the game.

“We’re playing a good brand of hockey,” Boston defenseman <forge-entity title="Mason Lohrei" slug="mason-lohrei-8482511" code="player">Mason Lohrei</forge-entity> said. “They got a bounce on the power play, and we didn’t get a bounce. So I feel good about our game, and like I said, we’re going to start putting pucks in the net and go from there.”

After forcing a 3-on-1 rush with a takeaway, <forge-entity title="Elias Pettersson" slug="elias-pettersson-8480012" code="player">Elias Pettersson</forge-entity> nearly connected with <forge-entity title="Brock Boeser" slug="brock-boeser-8478444" code="player">Brock Boeser</forge-entity> in the low slot at 18:37 of the third period for a chance to double Vancouver’s lead, but Swayman broke up the pass.

The Bruins nearly tied it with Swayman pulled for the extra attacker, but Lindholm pushed a shot wide from the slot at 19:36.

“The dam is going to break at some point,” Boston defenseman <forge-entity title="Charlie McAvoy" slug="charlie-mcavoy-8479325" code="player">Charlie McAvoy</forge-entity> said. “Just hope it’s soon. We just got to keep playing the right way. We’re stressing defense in here, and we’re doing a great job of it, you know, and I think it has helped our offensive game. We just can’t score.”

Garland scored an empty-net goal from long range at 19:47 for the 2-0 final.

“I give a lot of credit to the guys in front of me,” Lankinen said. “I think that’s been a part of the game that we’ve been kind of working on, making sure we stay committed, and I think that’s what we showed tonight. Everybody was putting their body on the line, and best case happens and we win the game.”

**NOTES:** The Canucks extended their road winning streak to eight games, tying the second-longest run in their history (Dec. 20, 2003, through Jan. 13, 2004). The Vancouver record is nine games (March 5-29, 2011 ). … It was Lankinen's second shutout of the season. The only NHL goalie with more this season is <forge-entity title="Connor Hellebuyck" slug="connor-hellebuyck-8476945" code="player">Connor Hellebuyck</forge-entity> (three). … It was the first time Canucks forward <forge-entity title="Danton Heinen" slug="danton-heinen-8478046" code="player">Danton Heinen</forge-entity> and Bruins forward <forge-entity title="Elias Lindholm" slug="elias-lindholm-8477496" code="player">Elias Lindholm</forge-entity> and defenseman <forge-entity title="Nikita Zadorov" slug="nikita-zadorov-8477507" code="player">Nikita Zadorov</forge-entity> each played against his former team. Heinen played 74 games for Boston last season, when Lindholm played 26 and Zadorov 54 for Vancouver. ...  It was Sacco’s first loss as Boston coach. He won his first two games behind the bench: 1-0 against the Utah Hockey Club on Thursday, and 2-1 against the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/van-vs-bos/2024/11/26/2024020345){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vancouver-canucks-boston-bruins-game-recap-november-26){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Montreal Canadiens 2 - 3 Utah Hockey Club**  
Mikhail Sergachev's late overtime goal gave the Utah Hockey Club a 3-2 victory over the Montreal Canadiens at Bell Centre. This win snapped Utah's recent downturn, having lost four of their last five games, and marked their first overtime success after two consecutive losses in the extra period. Dylan Guenther contributed significantly with a goal and an assist, while Nick Schmaltz provided two assists, including the crucial pass to Sergachev for the winning goal. Despite being outshot 29-13, Montreal's Sam Montembeault made 26 saves, with Jayden Struble and Alex Newhook scoring for the Canadiens. A notable stat is Schmaltz's 17 assists without a goal, the most by an NHL player in such a situation since 2022-23. Additionally, Utah has managed to avoid shootouts so far this season, while Montreal remains winless in overtime and the shootout. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/uta-vs-mtl/2024/11/26/2024020346){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/utah-hockey-club-montreal-canadiens-game-recap-november-26){:target="_blank"}<br>

