Title: 09.04.2025
Date: 2025-04-09 05:02
Category: NHL 
Slug: nhl-2025-04-09 
**Buffalo Sabres 3 - 0 Carolina Hurricanes**  
Hurricanes shut out by Sabres, fail to gain in Metropolitan
 **BUFFALO --** <forge-entity title="James Reimer" slug="james-reimer-8473503" code="player">James Reimer</forge-entity> made 33 saves to help the Buffalo Sabres extend their winning streak to a season-high five games with a 3-0 victory against the Carolina Hurricanes at KeyBank Center on Tuesday. 
<forge-entity title="Tage Thompson" slug="tage-thompson-8479420" code="player">Tage Thompson</forge-entity> scored for the fifth straight game with his 44th goal of the season, and <forge-entity title="Alex Tuch" slug="alex-tuch-8477949" code="player">Alex Tuch</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="JJ Peterka" slug="jj-peterka-8482175" code="player">JJ Peterka</forge-entity> also scored for the Sabres (35-36-6), who are 8-1-0 in their past nine games.

“Whenever a goalie gets a shutout, it’s like, everyone looks at a goalie, right? And I’m sure I made some good saves tonight, but it’s a combination of we’re playing good, and I’m getting bounces and your teammates putting a heck of an effort in front of you,” said Reimer, who has won seven straight starts.

“I feel like I’ve been saying that a lot recently, and I thought tonight our battle and compete level in all three zones, but especially pertaining to me in front of my net, was phenomenal -- blocked shots, tying up sticks. It was pretty impressive what we did tonight in front of me.” 
The Sabres were eliminated from Stanley Cup Playoff contention for an NHL-record 14th straight season when the Montreal Canadiens defeated the Detroit Red Wings 4-1 on Tuesday.

“We want to continue to grow our game,” Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff said. “I thought tonight was another step against a really good team, a really tough team. We know where we’re at. I’m disappointed where we’re at and we can’t do anything with that, but we can work on our game and we’re going to continue to work on our game until it’s over.”

<forge-entity title="Pyotr Kochetkov" slug="pyotr-kochetkov-8481611" code="player">Pyotr Kochetkov</forge-entity> made 15 saves for the Hurricanes (46-27-4), who failed to clinch home-ice advantage in the first round of the playoffs. Carolina has lost three straight and has scored four total goals in that stretch, including one in its past two games.

“We're in good shape, it's just we’ve got to get a little better,” Hurricanes coach Rod Brind’Amour said. “We got to get a little more from our guys if we want to win. We obviously want to do that, and in the playoffs, we want to feel good about our game. … We still played a pretty decent game. It's just we’ve got to find a goal here or there.”

The Hurricanes are second in the Metropolitan Division, seven points ahead of the New Jersey Devils.

“It looks like we're just a little bit off our game,” said Carolina captain <forge-entity title="Jordan Staal" slug="jordan-staal-8473533" code="player">Jordan Staal</forge-entity>, who returned to the lineup after missing four games with a lower-body injury. “Guys know where we're at and what we’ve got to accomplish here in the near future. But obviously, if we roll into the playoffs with that kind of game, it's not going to look pretty.”

Thompson gave Buffalo a 1-0 lead at 1:32 of the second period. He stripped <forge-entity title="Jackson Blake" slug="jackson-blake-8482809" code="player">Jackson Blake</forge-entity> of the puck inside the Sabres blue line and carried it to the right circle before beating Kochetkov blocker side.

Thompson has eight goals during his career-best goal streak.

<forge-entity title="Bowen Byram" slug="bowen-byram-8481524" code="player">Bowen Byram</forge-entity> sprung Tuch for a breakaway, and Tuch put a wrist shot five-hole for his League-leading sixth short-handed goal of the season to make it 2-0 at 16:45.

“I guess that’s nice \[to lead the NHL\], but we’re mostly focused on killing them off, and we’ve had some good penalty kills, I think, in the last handful of games,” Tuch said. “… I think we did a really good job on the kill tonight and then capping it off with a short-handed \[goal\] is always nice.” 
Peterka pushed it to 3-0 when he buried a one-timer from the right hash mark off a pass from <forge-entity title="Jack Quinn" slug="jack-quinn-8482097" code="player">Jack Quinn</forge-entity> at 1:58 of the third period.

“We’ve got to get more people at the net,” Brind’Amour said. “That's the old adage, right? But we did have a few that were real good opportunities. And give ‘Reims’ credit, he made some big saves. But we’ve got another level, that's for sure. It's obvious we've taken a little breather here since we kind of got in. You could feel it. I guess it's, I don't want to say it's kind of expected, but we’ve got to snap out of it here quick.”

**NOTES:** The Hurricanes did not allow a power-play goal, the 50th game in which they’ve done so. That ties them with the Dallas Stars for most in the NHL. … Staal played 15:22 and had one shot on goal in his return from injury. … Svechnikov returned after missing two games because of an undisclosed injury; the forward played 15:33 and had one shot on goal. … It was Reimer's first shutout of the season and 31st in the NHL. ... Reimer (37 years, 24 days) is the second-oldest goalie in Sabres history to record a shutout, after <forge-entity title="Craig Anderson" slug="craig-anderson-8467950" code="player">Craig Anderson</forge-entity> (41 years, 206 days). … Reimer’s winning streak is his personal best and the seventh-longest run in Buffalo history. He’s the sixth goalie age 37 or older with a streak of that length in their first season with a team. … The Sabres have won seven straight home games for the first time since Oct. 22-Nov. 24, 1999. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/car-vs-buf/2025/04/08/2024021235){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/carolina-hurricanes-buffalo-sabres-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Montreal Canadiens 4 - 1 Detroit Red Wings**  
The Montreal Canadiens secured their sixth consecutive win with a 4-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings at Bell Centre, thanks to an impressive performance by Sam Montembeault, who made 35 saves to achieve his 30th win of the season. The win brings Montreal closer to securing a spot in the Stanley Cup Playoffs, a feat not achieved since 2021, as they hold the second wild card from the Eastern Conference with 87 points. Josh Anderson made a significant impact by breaking a tie midway through the third period, adding an assist, while Nick Suzuki and Brendan Gallagher each contributed a goal and an assist. Despite being outshot 36-21, the Canadiens showed resilience, overcoming a 1-0 deficit after Dylan Larkin scored for the Red Wings in the first period. Cole Caufield tied the game for Montreal, and Anderson's goal in the third period after a fortuitous collision with Albert Johansson allowed the Canadiens to take the lead. Gallagher and Suzuki sealed the victory with empty-net goals, while Montembeault's achievement marks him as the 10th goalie in Canadiens history to reach a 30-win season. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/det-vs-mtl/2025/04/08/2024021236){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/detroit-red-wings-montreal-canadiens-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Florida Panthers 3 - 1 Toronto Maple Leafs**  
The Florida Panthers snapped a five-game losing streak with a crucial 3-1 victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs, narrowing the gap to two points behind the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Atlantic Division. Eetu Luostarinen's go-ahead goal early in the third period proved decisive, with further contributions from Gustav Forsling and an empty-netter by Carter Verhaeghe, ending his 13-game goal drought. Coach Paul Maurice achieved a career milestone, tying Barry Trotz for the third most wins in NHL history with 914. The Panthers' performance included dominating face-offs, winning 71%, which was crucial in a tightly contested game against the division-leading Maple Leafs. John Tavares scored Toronto’s only goal, while their goaltender Joseph Woll made 34 saves. Florida’s Aleksander Barkov returned from injury, adding leadership in their gritty effort. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/tor-vs-fla/2025/04/08/2024021237){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/toronto-maple-leafs-florida-panthers-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**New Jersey Devils 2 - 7 Boston Bruins**  
In a commanding 7-2 victory over the New Jersey Devils, David Pastrnak spearheaded the Boston Bruins' offensive surge by contributing a goal and two assists, reaching 100 points for the third consecutive season. His performance extended his point streak to seven games, highlighting the Bruins' revival following a recent slump. Morgan Geekie also shined with a goal and an assist, while Michael Callahan celebrated his first NHL goal. Despite a brief Devils comeback in the second period, Boston's consistent play, highlighted by Casey Mittelstadt and Jakub Lauko’s timely goals, sealed the game. New Jersey's goaltender Jacob Markstrom was pulled after conceding seven goals, as the team inches closer to a playoff berth with one point needed. Notably, Nico Hischier's assist extended his home point streak, while Dougie Hamilton's return remains uncertain as he continues individual workouts. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/bos-vs-njd/2025/04/08/2024021238){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/boston-bruins-new-jersey-devils-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Columbus Blue Jackets 5 - 2 Ottawa Senators**  
The Ottawa Senators clinched their first Stanley Cup Playoffs berth since 2016-17, despite a 5-2 defeat to the Columbus Blue Jackets, thanks to the Detroit Red Wings' 4-1 loss to the Montreal Canadiens. Thomas Chabot and Fabian Zetterlund scored for the Senators, while Anton Forsberg made 30 saves. Columbus, desperately battling for a playoff spot, snapped a goal drought with Dmitri Voronkov's early score and saw strong performances from Mathieu Olivier and Justin Danforth, each contributing a goal and an assist. Elvis Merzlikins secured 32 saves as the Blue Jackets ended a two-game scoring drought. Ottawa, positioned three points ahead of Montreal for the Eastern Conference's first wild card, could not capitalize on their recent winning streak but celebrated their playoff achievement. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/ott-vs-cbj/2025/04/08/2024021239){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/ottawa-senators-columbus-blue-jackets-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Pittsburgh Penguins 5 - 0 Chicago Blackhawks**  
Karlsson gets 200th goal, Penguins shut out Blackhawks
 **PITTSBURGH --** <forge-entity title="Erik Karlsson" slug="erik-karlsson-8474578" code="player">Erik Karlsson</forge-entity> scored his 200th NHL goal, and the Pittsburgh Penguins defeated the Chicago Blackhawks 5-0 at PPG Paints Arena on Tuesday. 
Karlsson is the 23rd defenseman in NHL history to reach the milestone and second active to do so, joining <forge-entity title="Brent Burns" slug="brent-burns-8470613" code="player">Brent Burns</forge-entity> of the Carolina Hurricanes (261).

"It's obviously a nice one,” Karlsson said. “I don't know if it is actually a milestone though, but I'll take it. Been fortunate to play for a long time and score some goals over the years. Hopefully, I've got another 100 in me."

<forge-entity title="Tristan Jarry" slug="tristan-jarry-8477465" code="player">Tristan Jarry</forge-entity> made 26 saves for his second shutout this season and 21st in the NHL. <forge-entity title="Kevin Hayes" slug="kevin-hayes-8475763" code="player">Kevin Hayes</forge-entity> scored twice, and <forge-entity title="Bryan Rust" slug="bryan-rust-8475810" code="player">Bryan Rust</forge-entity> and <forge-entity title="Danton Heinen" slug="danton-heinen-8478046" code="player">Danton Heinen</forge-entity> each had two assists for the Penguins (32-35-12), who lost 3-1 at Chicago on Sunday to begin the home-and-home set.

<forge-entity title="Spencer Knight" slug="spencer-knight-8481519" code="player">Spencer Knight</forge-entity> made 22 saves for the Blackhawks (22-46-10), who have lost 13 of 15 games (2-11-2) dating to March 8.

“I don’t think they let me down,” Chicago coach Anders Sorensen said. “They let themselves and their teammates down, right? I mean, I think that’s the biggest part of it. We’re a group here. It’s not me or them. It's a group thing. We let each other down today.”

Each team has been eliminated from contention for the Stanley Cup Playoffs.

<forge-entity title="Sidney Crosby" slug="sidney-crosby-8471675" code="player">Sidney Crosby</forge-entity> put Pittsburgh ahead 1-0 six seconds into a power play at 19:44 of the first period with his 31st goal of the season and 12th in 14 games. He turned in front of Chicago defenseman <forge-entity title="Alex Vlasic" slug="alex-vlasic-8481568" code="player">Alex Vlasic</forge-entity> to chip in a pass from <forge-entity title="Rickard Rakell" slug="rickard-rakell-8476483" code="player">Rickard Rakell</forge-entity>.

Crosby extended his home point streak to 14 games (20 points; nine goals, 11 assists).

“Listen, these guys have done a great job,” Penguins assistant coach David Quinn said. “When you have this type of talent, you have a great chance to have a good power play. These guys have certainly done a great job working together.”

Karlsson then made it 2-0 at 4:45 of the second period with his 11th goal, taking a pass <forge-entity title="Ville Koivunen" slug="ville-koivunen-8482758" code="player">Ville Koivunen</forge-entity> slid above the crease for a wrist shot near the left post. 
<forge-entity title="Kris Letang" slug="kris-letang-8471724" code="player">Kris Letang</forge-entity> ended a 20-game goal drought with his ninth of the season and second in 43 games, pushing it to 3-0 at 4:28 of the third period on a wrist shot from the right face-off circle.

“The coaches give us all the right messages,” Chicago forward <forge-entity title="Ryan Donato" slug="ryan-donato-8477987" code="player">Ryan Donato</forge-entity> said. “They can tell us everything to do. It's about us going to execute that. They give us a good plan to go win the game. We all have to buy into that and play the same way. It’s on the veterans and some of the young guys to make sure we’re doing what we’re told.”

Hayes extended the lead to 4-0 at 7:42 with a shot off Knight’s glove before deflecting a pass from Heinen at 18:13 for the 5-0 final.

The Blackhawks held a team meeting lasting about 20 minutes after the loss.

“Just to address games that, sometimes, guys feel like need to be addressed,” Chicago defenseman <forge-entity title="Connor Murphy" slug="connor-murphy-8476473" code="player">Connor Murphy</forge-entity> said. “Sometimes it’s good to blow off some steam and not sit on it for days.”

With 21 shutouts, Jarry ranks third in Penguins history behind Marc-Andre Fleury (44) and Tom Barrasso (22).

“I think, first and foremost, we had a good bounce-back game,” Jarry said. “Obviously, I think Chicago played well in their building. I think we were able to play well in ours. ... I thought the guys were doing a really good job tonight, just letting me see the puck.”

**NOTES:** Karlsson is the second Swedish defenseman to score 200 goals, joining Nicklas Lidstrom (264). ... Crosby scored an opening goal for the 285th time, tying Mark Messier for fourth in NHL history behind Wayne Gretzky (328), Jaromir Jagr (326) and Gordie Howe (320). With his 183rd power-play goal, he tied <forge-entity title="Evgeni Malkin" slug="evgeni-malkin-8471215" code="player">Evgeni Malkin</forge-entity> for second in Penguins history. They trail Mario Lemieux (236). ... Penguins rookie forward <forge-entity title="Rutger McGroarty" slug="rutger-mcgroarty-8483487" code="player">Rutger McGroarty</forge-entity> left the game with 51 seconds left in the second with a lower-body injury after using his left skate to block a shot from <forge-entity title="Teuvo Teravainen" slug="teuvo-teravainen-8476882" code="player">Teuvo Teravainen</forge-entity>. Quinn said he was still being evaluated. ... Blackhawks forward <forge-entity title="Philipp Kurashev" slug="philipp-kurashev-8480798" code="player">Philipp Kurashev</forge-entity> left with 3:15 remaining in the third after taking a puck to the face. An update was not provided. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/chi-vs-pit/2025/04/08/2024021240){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/chicago-blackhawks-pittsburgh-penguins-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Nashville Predators 7 - 6 New York Islanders**  
In a thrilling showdown at Bridgestone Arena, the Nashville Predators surged to a 7-6 overtime victory against the New York Islanders, thanks to Fedor Svechkov's game-winning wrist shot just 1:56 into overtime. The Predators showcased resilience, scoring twice in the last 2:07 of the third period, with Steven Stamkos narrowing the deficit to 6-5 and Michael Bunting equalizing at 6-6 with a redirection from a Stamkos shot. Stamkos had a standout performance with two goals and two assists, while Jonathan Marchessault and Brady Skjei each contributed three assists. This win ended Nashville's six-game losing streak, as they responded to earlier goals from the Islanders’ Simon Holmstrom and others. Ryan O'Reilly marked his 300th NHL goal, and Filip Forsberg extended his record with a fifth 30-goal season for Nashville. Despite the loss, the Islanders’ efforts came on the back of Holmstrom’s two goals and two assists, yet they remain eight points behind the playoff spots in the Eastern Conference. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/nyi-vs-nsh/2025/04/08/2024021241){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/new-york-islanders-nashville-predators-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Dallas Stars 5 - 6 Vancouver Canucks**  
The Vancouver Canucks pulled off an incredible comeback to defeat the Dallas Stars 6-5 in overtime, scoring three times in the final minute of regulation to become the first NHL team to overcome a three-goal deficit in such a short time. Kiefer Sherwood netted the overtime winner, capping a thrilling finish that saw Aatu Raty, and Pius Suter, who scored twice—including the tying goal with just seven seconds left—deliver in the clutch. The Canucks, facing potential elimination from playoff contention with a regulation loss, showed remarkable resilience, improving their playoff hopes. The Stars, who led 5-2 late in the third, secured power-play goals from Mikael Granlund and Matt Duchene but were ultimately unable to close the game, despite holding a significant lead. The win not only boosted Vancouver's morale but also highlighted their never-give-up attitude, with contributions from Conor Garland's three assists and Thatcher Demko's 23 saves aiding the memorable victory. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/van-vs-dal/2025/04/08/2024021242){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vancouver-canucks-dallas-stars-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Utah Hockey Club 7 - 1 Seattle Kraken**  
The Utah Hockey Club delivered a commanding performance, setting a franchise record by scoring seven goals in a 7-1 victory over the Seattle Kraken at Delta Center. Key players included Dylan Guenther, who contributed three assists, and Mikhail Sergachev, who had a goal and two assists. Karel Vejmelka also played a crucial role with 18 saves, helping Utah secure its fourth win in five games. Utah took control early, with Sergachev opening the scoring and a series of goals from Clayton Keller, Kailer Yamamoto, and others extending the lead to 7-0. Jared McCann scored the lone goal for the Kraken early in the third period off a pass from Andre Burakovsky, but it wasn't enough to challenge Utah's dominant performance. Despite Joey Daccord's 22 saves, Seattle's three-game winning streak came to an end as newly debuted Victor Ostman made 12 additional saves. 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/sea-vs-uta/2025/04/08/2024021243){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/seattle-kraken-utah-hockey-club-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

**Colorado Avalanche - - - Vegas Golden Knights**  
I'm sorry, there is insufficient information available in the text provided to create a detailed recap or summarize a specific game. Could you provide more details or clarify which game you are referring to? 

[Box Score](/gamecenter/vgk-vs-col/2025/04/08/2024021244){:target="_blank"}, [Gamecast](https://www.nhl.com/news/vegas-golden-knights-colorado-avalanche-game-recap-april-8){:target="_blank"}<br>

